Mike the Republican has emerged unscathed after his plane skidded off the runway while landing at airport in New in heavy 737 carrying running mate coming in for a landing and went off the runway at about local time The plane was stopped by a crushable type of concrete runway that halted the the Federal Aviation Administration said. It finally came a standstill on an area of grass. Twitter The plane that was carrying the Republican Mike on the runway at New airport on Don of the estimated 30 people on including wife and daughter were injured. Flights out of were halted for at least an pledged to hit the campaign trail again on although he canceled his appearance at a scheduled for night at Trump Tower in reported. stumps for as Trump hits campaign live Read television footage showed Pence standing in the rain near the plane among emergency talking to police and other officials. thankful everyone on our plane is the governor said on Twitter after the incident. for our first responders the concern prayers of so Mike Pence thankful everyone on our plane is safe. Grateful for our first responders the concern prayers of so many. Back on the trail Mike Pence exits plane all is well soldiers aircraft had been delayed taking off from Fort because bad weather was expected en route. Pence had been at a campaign event in the state. Twitter Firefighters at the scene on night. Twitter Mike Pence talks to firefighters at New airport. Twitter Pence talks on the tarmac at Will a was on the plane and described the we landed here we had a pretty hard landing and then we felt the back of the plane start to fishtail and you could just feel the plane moving in a way that was not straight on the runway like a normal landing would she plane continued to proceed down ... then we came to a very sort of quick and harsh halt on the 5 News Campaign plane of candidate Mike Pence just slid off runway at News reports Gov. Pence is not hurt. Pence and his staff are fine and there are a lot of rescue crews. Governor Pence came to the back of the plane to make sure everyone was all is significant damage to the runway. You can see divots where the wheels of the plane had is fine but definitely a little by what I am seeing it looks like cement has been torn up by the wheels of the plane. The plane is off the runway. The plane is in the grass. One of the wheels is completely in the grass. In fact the entire plane is in the News airplane has slid off the runway at told everyone is called Pence to check on him after the the campaign said. Trump did reach out to Gov Pence. glad that everyone on board is a Trump said in an emailed statement. Trump called him from his motorcade while en route to a rally in Earlier in the day photographs published by showed plane taxiing on the runway at during heavy rain. Twitter plane is pictured though the window of the press charter plane on the tarmac of airport in New on elections 
The campaign blasted the for double standards on after claims that he had sought to withhold evidence of support for Trump for fear of influencing next US a sharp escalation of their unprecedented war of words with federal law enforcement key aides contrasted this apparent caution with controversial decision to release new details of its investigation into private email server to lawmakers on is impossible to view this as anything less than a blatant double her campaign told claiming the decision all especially as other intelligence agencies had disclosure of suspected these two decisions he shows he acting alone and without consulting these are not the hallmarks of a responsible added and the Post have reported that privately urged against naming for allegedly meddling in the election and hacking Democratic email this advice has not been confirmed it tallies with the fact the name did not appear on a list of US intelligence agencies supporting the foreign power was trying to undermine the election. He believed it to be true but was against putting it out before the one former official told this official reportedly it is it come from the which as recall it did campaign called on to explain this Twitter is no in email investigation has set the standard for narrating a added spokesman that is his way of handling he needs to take the same approach to the Trump On News reported that the was conducting a preliminary inquiry into former Trump campaign manager business ties to though it was not yet a criminal investigation. called the report outrageous smear being driven by Harry and the the White House highlighted concerns over the decision to announce that the bureau was examining whether newly discovered emails may be relevant to its investigation of use of a private email secretary Josh Earnest was careful to say that is regarded by as a man of integrity and principle. But he also noted the importance of tradition and practice and and warned of the of communicating with has faced a fierce backlash for going public with the new investigation just 11 days before a presidential reportedly against the advice and guidelines of the attorney and other senior figures at the Department of Justice. On the obtained a search warrant to begin reviewing the reportedly numbering 650,000 and found on the laptop of estranged husband of top aide director may be under investigation for Hatch Act violation Read a spokesman for the Office of Special Counsel indicated that the independent federal agency may be investigating over an alleged violation of the Hatch which guards against federal officials seeking to influence an emboldened Trump has described the revelation as than but there is little initial evidence the news has upended the presidential race. A Morning poll carried out after the announcement put three points while a survey of likely voters in 13 battleground states showed that only of supporters were less likely to vote for her as a claimed on that the had stumbled across a digital and predicted they would discover missing emails that had been deleted from computers. Twitter On the obtained a search warrant to begin reviewing the reportedly numbering 650,000 and found on the laptop of estranged husband of top aide Young hundred and fifty thousand I think you are going to find the 33,000 that are he told supporters in think we hit the mother as they say in the mining urged to resist political pressure. gotta hang tough because a lot of people think he did the wrong but he did the right he told the Grand Rapids rally. was not his fan but what he did he brought back his Twitter Trump praises director for letter to Congress took guts for Director to do what he he to chants of her from the has seized on signs of momentum to push into Democratic territory in the industrial He was also due to speak in Warren in on before appearing with running mate Mike Pence in on his polling gap began to narrow again last Trump had been forced back to a dwindling number of swing while eyed Republican territory in and Renewed optimism among Republicans has created an unusually vast national particularly as economic populism scrambles traditional demographic dividing and have both been hit hard by the loss of manufacturing jobs and were the scene of surprise defeats for in the Democratic when large numbers of workers Sanders. Signs of Democratic nervousness in became apparent last week when the campaign suddenly announced an advertising blitz. Sanders has been dispatched to help campaign for in the state on Twitter Why does the US vote for president on impact of early voting may also be forcing Trump to look further afield. States such as a North have seen heavy early turnout among Democrats and may be relatively immune from any late swing away from he cannot win North but picks up and best hope of pulling off a shock victory will rely on either states like and in the New and is redoubling her efforts. Two stops on in were to be followed by three in on and another swing to North later in the people have decided quite a long time ago what they think about all she told a rally in on what people are focused upon is choosing the next president and am sure a lot of you may be asking what this email business is about and why in the world the would decide to jump into an election without any evidence and a good a she to boos from a young crowd at State University. all mean they should look at and I am sure they will reach the same conclusion as when they looked at my there is no suffered another blow from a separate the ongoing release of emails from her campaign John The latest batch appeared to show that the interim head of the Democratic National Committee and a gave a heads up about a likely debate question the day before she was due to take on Sanders in a primary spokeswoman never gave access to any prep attendee background information or meetings in advance of a town hall or has subsequently announced her resignation from elections 
A loan to Town was made by the local council too quickly and with inadequate information and partly because the then leader of the the Conservative now the local was pressing for an internal inquiry has police are continuing to investigate what happened to the made to finance improvements including a new east stand at stadium that were never while remains owing to borough council. The police investigation includes inquiries into in financial donations made to local Conservative association by whose 1st was contracted to manage the and people associated with a large proportion of the being paid to the company building the new downed tools in early 2015 having not been paid they were and put 1st Land into damning internal conducted by the council found that as the council was stressing the importance of making the loan and that it be done after he made it a political priority for the club to be able to redevelop its ground. The then owned by was in poor financial but this was not properly taken into account and insufficient checks were made before the decision was made to lend so much concluded. Emails examined for the inquiry concerns about the short timescales and pressure ... to conclude the auditor correspondence between the leader and officers highlight the importance of the transaction and the desire to conclude the transaction the report states. political commitment in the Conservative manifesto along with the 2013 cabinet decision approve the was considered a commitment to provide loan despite there being limited information available at this time. Detailed business due diligence checks and professional legal advice were not obtained until after the cabinet approval was full was rapidly loaned in tranches to the football club between 2013 and August but the report found the council did not compare the scale of money being drawn down with the slow and stalled construction at the ground. physical progress of the stadium development should have provided a warning sign that the development was not progressing at the rate expected or in line with the funds the report council said in a statement that it unreservedly for the failings identified in the the current Conservative leader of the said measures had been put in place to improve management of this project fell seriously short of the standards people have a right to expect from their and that is wholly he said. accept that the council failed to manage this loan in a proper way and clear action must be taken to show that lessons have been could not be reached for comment. In after the police were asked to widen their investigation to include the political donations to constituency he said via his solicitor that he welcomed it as he believed it would clear his name. confirmed he paid to the Conservative party for tickets to a dinner with Mackintosh and did not consider this to be a conflict of interest. A further was donated to the South constituency office by associates of Those associates could not be reached for elected as the MP for South in last May general said in a donations to the Conservative party are part of the ongoing police investigation and so we have nothing further to The constituency office has previously said that the donations were properly to the Mackintosh said that when he became the council leader there had been of frustration and waiting for key projects in the town to and he blamed council officers for the failures to manage the loan to develop pleased that the shortcomings have been identified so this type of situation cannot arise again and welcome the continued investigations into this to recover the Mackintosh police said it is a wide ranging and independent investigation into the full circumstances of the loan to 
authorities executed three nationals for drug trafficking last year only 11 days after a visit to by it has which executed nearly 1,000 people last more than any other country apart from China usually refrains from sending foreign nationals to the especially in cases involving countries with which has maintained friendly relations. The family of a a father of nine confirmed to the Guardian that he was executed. He was a lorry driver working between and Turkey who passed through tried for four years to save him. They tell us that he was going to be executed. They hanged him in the we got the news in the brother said. The information about the executions was first received by the Human Rights which closely monitors use of capital punishment. The group said two other identified as and whose surname is not were executed at the same time. Activists say drug traffickers do not usually receive a fair trial in executions in are for drug As a of a leading supplier of the faces big challenges at with a young population susceptible to an abundance of cheap and addictive drugs. the alarming rate of executions has sparked a debate inside the country and parliamentarians are considering a proposal to replace the death penalty in such cases with three Turks were executed in a little more than a week after met with and the supreme Ayatollah in The which have maintained good ties for several have been at odds over regional issues in recent years and relations were frosty at the time of visit. they have since improved. firmly backed against the failed coup attempt earlier this year and Turkey is realigning itself towards main ally. stars campaign to save lives of convicts on death row Read said the convicts were executed at prison in the eastern city of after being arrested separately for alleged drug trafficking. three prisoners were reportedly not granted their last prison visit with family members before they were it said. close sources say that the authorities did not inform their families of the until late but bodies were reportedly returned to in May. brother said his pleas to as well as authorities fell on deaf ears. asked help from many nobody helped he told the Guardian via telephone. found a lawyer and we went to we tried to prove that he was but one day they just executed him. This is inhuman. He had nine The foreign ministry did not respond to emails seeking its reaction on the news and on why it did not the executions at the time. think that they are but they are not. If my brother were in even in he would be brother said. asked help from they help. We even see him for the last the brother added. are no laws in If he were in another at least we would be able to see my brother for the last time. They just executed him without telling us. Everything happened said it was not clear if the cases were discussed by the president in also unclear whether the government took any action to help save their lives. timing of the executions and lack of public reactions by the government is highly he told the to seven times in order to deliver my medication to him. The authorities did nothing for my dad. All they did was introduce our family to a lawyer. The authorities confiscated my which was worth 80,000 lira My family is currently still paying off the truck through monthly who monitors the human rights situation in said more than 450 people have been put to death in the country this year. He said at least 264 of them were executed for drug has also been reported to have executed at least seven people who committed their crimes while they were under the age of 18 two of those executions have been execution of juveniles is prohibited under international law. than any other people in including those in the government and the judiciary or are debating whether to abolish death told the Guardian. 26 ran a editorial on abolition of death which talked about how ineffective this punishment has been. the first time this debate is taking place at such a national level and a positive development highlighting the work of abolitionist East and North 
My partner and I had big arguments when I got ahead of him watching episodes of Robot and he felt betrayed Which series have caused such grief to other Post your answers and new questions below or email them to Please include address and phone and
Nearly 60 years after said the has had it so is that the best it ever and have we messed up for the next Post your answers and new questions below or email them to Please include address and phone and
Picture the it is March 2017 and President Trump emerges from the White House with after several hours of talks. The body language is they slap each other on the back and cackle with laughter. Trump tells the gathered is a valued partner in the fight against State and a key strategic partner. For President this kind of deal free of on democracy or human leaving him a free hand in his of and other former Soviet is what he had always hoped for in relations with his US counterparts. Until it had seemed an impossible dream. Twitter nesting dolls of and Trump on sale in election of Trump means the scenario for suddenly got a lot better. But sober heads in are also aware that the scenario just got much worse. Relations between and would almost certainly have been but would have operated within a predictable framework. The usual rules of the game may now be dramatic souring of the relationship between and after Turkey shot down a plane last is a small taster of how quickly things can deteriorate in a relationship between two leaders for whom displaying strength is everything. Mapping the Trump 10 countries and regions feeling the heat Read is also the issue of some of the hawkish Republican old guard around Trump. the of radio in the happy about the result but later it could hit home that this may not be a good thing. Imagine if former US ambassador to the United John is made secretary of Imagine some in policymaking circles being uneasy about he appears to have been the preferred candidate all along. was directly accused by the current US administration of trying to interfere in the elections on his through a network of shadowy links to members of and alleged hacking of emails from Democratic party released by has denied all accusations of meddling in the with describing them as The political analyst told the Guardian on he did not believe had tried to although we helped a bit with He did not elaborate on what exactly he meant or how he have also been a number of establishment voices openly gleeful about the result. Margarita the head of the Today television tweeted on election only to launch jubilant celebrations in the aftermath of victory and say she wanted to drive round waving a US flag. Twitter is one of the politicians who have welcomed election. who until was the top foreign policy official in upper house of expect love or gifts from a patriot and a businessman. But not an a realist. And a realist understands the language of offered the and an alarming certainty of conflict. Trump offers an opportunity to escape this conflict. A big was one of the first world leaders to congratulate dispatching a telegram before using a speech to profess hope for a new golden period of understand that it will not be an easy path given the current state of degradation in the he said from the as I have repeatedly not our fault that relations are in such a poor state. But wants and is ready to restore fully fledged relations with the United of the appeal of Trump is his status as a who will shake up the established order of things and break down western unity. an international affairs will plunge the US into a period of turmoil and diminish US power in the world. The expectation is that US relations with its allies would become more fraught and there would much less unity in opposing from the there is also hope in that Trump and could get real business done. statement in his victory speech that will get along with all other nations willing to get along with will have been music to while causing horror in and the capitals. said the two men had approaches to foreign in an interview with television this week. you remember speech at the recent forum and compare it with the speech by Trump they had identical key messages about foreign the and the Trump White there will be fears about what such rapprochement could mean for the but also about what happens if it all goes wrong. Both leaders like talking tough. has claimed he was ready to put nuclear forces on high alert during the annexation of while state television has issued reminders to the US that is only country capable of turning into radioactive For his Trump has refused to rule out the use of nuclear even in of this is doubtless but neither Trump nor is renowned for having thick and with the two largest nuclear arsenals under their the potential to be backed into a rhetorical corner by an unforeseen crisis is real. As analyst put is a Trump is also a macho. Maybe it could be a In the coming would be sending emissaries to sound out Trump on his priorities and analysts said. officials said earlier this week that such contacts had already been made during the something spokeswoman over and an abandonment of US missile would be the key priorities in though it is unclear what could offer Trump in have to be formal said. very hard to imagine a written agreement over for example. But they can be informal understandings. the sort of conversation will be looking foreign 
How do I become an agony tried using social media but it you are something of an agony I am seeking your advice on how to become an agony my life I have helped others with their problems. I have tried hard to find out how I can do this publicly. I have started my own and Twitter but have been unsuccessful so far. Any tips or advice you could offer would be gratefully like to know in what way your and Twitter pages have been unsuccessful nearly always something constructive to be learned from failure. But you have more than failure to guide you. You say that all your life you have helped others with their so you must have some fairly clear ideas about the kind of advice that has been most useful. Adapting this experience to your presence makes obvious but I imagine done this for the advice a surprising number of problems stem from their failure to see things through the eyes of others. They are genuinely and often because a boss or colleague see things in the same way. Empathy comes naturally to but others have to work at it. it can solve or ease a great many differences of opinion. As a solver of other problems some degree of empathy is probably your most valuable As someone who has worked in a role my whole I would In my experience the people who would actually be the best at this type of thing do for a host of rational or do because not journalists or famous. Journalism is probably the more reliable because becoming famous is more by happenstance than design. Being a professional or psychotherapist etc may help you see the issues but you simply have enough information to provide anything truly helpful. Consider volunteering with an such as the which provides training and support. It responds to people who are in jail or at school anyone who wants to talk. Being an agony aunt is a niche role and one that is often as much not about the adviser than the person asking for help. ask why that route in particular that appeals. It is about having an appropriate background in a reputation for having a balanced approach to and a substantial amount of luck. Train to be a a psychotherapist. take years and money most of you will be forced to question whether what you do is of any help. Write to yourself for advice. If good advice you will reach your goal. If bad maybe choose another path. can I help my daughter to choose a career after she finishes sitting her daughter is bright but know what degree to take as she has no clear career plan. We have discussed this time and but she still decide. She is studying for in history and and completed in and law. She enjoys writing and has considered but she is particularly interested in endangered species and Any ideas on as her I can gently and diplomatically try and set her on an interesting concern for her future is understandable and laudable. You just have to be heroically patient. not unusual for those of your age and stage of education to be indecisive about what to do next. As the sense of pressure often compounded by helpful teachers and wrong decisions can be the most useful discussion should start with the sort of career she might consider. There are some for which a degree in for is essential. But from the sound of it her interests mean the precise choice of degree course is less crucial. Her interests in the environment and suggest there is no essential degree she is taking are usefully and will provide her with valuable qualifications without being restrictive. By all means continue to discuss her emerging but only if she welcomes such discussions. If she shows curiosity about an consider buying her books on the but take care she knows they are not intended as a covert form of encouragement. Even if she appeals to you to tell her what you think she should resist. important she senses what she wants to do with her life and she will. The urgency to do so is not quite as great as it Her college library should have a wide range of resources on choosing a degree course and careers information. She could also take a look at websites such as which suggests career paths and gives job profiles. Her mix of could take her in different directions. She sounds like the ideal candidate for a gap year. Not a jaunt to or but time out to try out a few different possibly to join and see what grabs her in practice. For most people the realities of a job affect our enjoyment far more than the title or industry. How much will you need to interact with the How do you feel about eight hours a day in front of a How much does money or status These are best learned in and she can use her experiences to guide her choice. The pace of technological change is so and the global environment so that hard to begin to imagine what work will look like even in 10 time. Your daughter should choose a course that she finds interesting and which suits her abilities. What would she like to spend three years studying in Worry about the job in three time. Life will probably look and feel a lot different to her then. Your main role should be subtly guiding her away from decisions of the media studies sounds really and so what if the university comes bottom of all the and anyway where Jack is going and I love variety. you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply publishing and public 
After months of wrangling with reporters and in court over the disclosure of the administration of Mayor Bill on released a third batch of its correspondence with outside advisers that it has designated as of the The released in response to a Freedom of Information Law totaled more than 1,550 pages and date to the first days of in early through 2015. They reveal a City Hall in regular contact with public relations firms over the minutia of press whether to remove a fence to make a better backdrop for an event in a lengthy discussion of how to discredit rival cities in a bid to host the Democratic National Convention in whether to solicit a politician to speak with a reporter. little worried that he will unintentionally go off a principal at the public relations firm said in a 2014 email of the Democratic speaker of the New State Assembly at the time. is somewhat constitutionally unable not to screw up that kind of But not except in brief is the voice of a Democrat. His often marked simply as are largely redacted. are some from his closest outside advisers who city lawyers have said are city a group that includes Bill and of Hilltop Public a political consulting John a at Message and and the United States ambassador to South and a longtime friend of The city in court and in its response to Freedom of Information that the designation also applies to dozens of others who work for their firms. bulk of the emails released on were connected to Correspondence is at the heart of a fight between reporters and the which maintains that the emails with outside advisers are in effect the same as those within a city and are therefore exempt from public disclosure under the Freedom of Information Law. A court case begun by The New Post and seeking to unveil those emails is pending. Government watchdog groups have raised concerns that the advisers act as a and present concerns about conflicts of interest because they also represent companies that do business with the city. The release on was the third disclosure by City Hall in connection with the previous releases have contained emails to city officials from the advisers on behalf of their clients. carefully all of the documents and have expanded our disclosure to make sure that we missed F. the press said in an email. said that the redactions were determined by the Law Department and covered only those portions of the emails containing private like cellphone numbers or email or deliberative a category that includes on news articles. While the emails do not provide new information related to the state and federal investigations into they shed light on the details of assembling favorable commentary from those who are aligned with the causes or have donated money to him. One email contained a list of hundreds of official people who could be counted on for a good quote. who I am shooting a for the wrote on 2014 about providing a list of prominent real estate and business leaders. The list included donors and for whom the mayor was going to contact in connection with the his universal prekindergarten program. The email went to the first deputy E. two top and we take this off official thread one of the Peter replied. said that had been acting cautiously but that the conversation was appropriate for government and declined to comment on the emails. Other advisers could not immediately be reached for comment on night.
As its initial installments this season have made hit show has been losing a war. On a meta can a show that draws much of its heat from tapping the and political zeitgeist keep pace with the chaos of And in terms of can it keep the soap suds bubbling by simply pitting the members of the family against each other and against in particular again and So notwithstanding its persistently strong performances the answer to both questions has been no. Until this week. Like the cold shower that jolts the troubled son back to consciousness after he pops one too many pain Episode 6 is a welcome shock to the system. It centers on a story line all too resonant with events. And in the person of the surprising the story line offers a way out of the endless cycle of alignment and realignment among the sparring presenting with a worthy adversary for what may be the first time in the history. The development starts out innocuously Without and without asking user the new single by the Empire star starts blaring from the phones of every subscriber. Shades of overreach in inserting an unsolicited album into its libraries abound at least until the music gets and face is disconcertingly like a horror movie about a cursed file. From problems mount. The emails of every up to and including and are dumped onto the for all to read. The ensuing revelations range from damaging personal information the identities of staffers who used corporate funds to pay for to a potential smoking gun in the case of Frank the gang lord whose murder arranged behind bars. The nude that Cookie sent her politician gets broadcast worldwide on the same day the councilman announces his run for mayor of New City. and his minions manage to stop the hack before it can breach subscriber but the damage is done. Beyond the that kicks it all leak recalls the widespread hack and release of similar photos by numerous female celebrities a few years back. The email dump evokes the embarrassing information divulged about Democrats by The potential involvement of the hits close to home following the recent prominence. The tangential involvement of a promising New politician brings up the and The concern about customer info comes just weeks after Yahoo announced a massive breach of its personal data. both the presentation of the emails on a big screen and the identity of the initial suspect hearken back to the Mill beef of 2015 settled as Drake performed in front of a gigantic display on which dozens of Twitter posts mocking his opponent were projected. as though hit a single button and triggered an entire array of cultural and political paranoia. But the identity of the is just as important. All the signs pointed to and and his gangster associate pay the young rapper back in blood. But he was merely a set up by the real eldest son and man. engineered the hack with the help of the rival music mogul by rapper sealing his complicity with a payoff in an abandoned factory. The only thing keeping him from his he tells his new has been his lack of musical talent. But now that his equal as both a businessman and an her gifts as a singer are all he needs to get to the top. a dramatic heel turn for a character generally gone off on his own only because of mental illness or religious not raw ambition. It suits actor who has the imposing height and good looks of a superhero gone rogue. Most it gives something it has badly needed for a real one who can go with and potentially win. billionaire bad was the closest the show came in the and she was unceremoniously suicided recurring guest star is just the latest in a long string of halfhearted attempts to build a from scratch. But in has something truly a wolf in a bipolar to twisted King Knowing the it could well reverse course before next episode hits its first commercial break. But the smart move would be to let this battle rage for as long as it can.
Trump lies like he at all sometimes in malice and sometimes in and sometimes without any apparent purpose at all. The Guardian has more than 100 falsehoods made by the Republican nominee over the last 150 and sorted them according to has been caught in more than a dozen falsehoods of her for instance about her email practices and her past support for the Partnership. But often makes her falsehoods in dense making them hard to pin a motive many could as easily be errors as careless exaggeration or deliberately misleading on the other will say when he hears his own quotes. His own lawyers met him in pairs to counteract his court documents show. He has invented false fictional videos and sex tapes and a nonexistent man named to talk about his sex life. Months of reveal methods whether he means to or guide to success through new emails show no criminal wrongdoing Read and Trump has described and its leaders in apocalyptic terms. He thought weak and he lambasted Bush and Bill and after supporting W quickly dismissed that war as crime is always rising national rate fell for and are in are Migrants are flooding in are leaving than and they bring violence is no evidence that they Civilian and military leaders are always clueless received five deferments from except when they love him. We have no idea who refugees or undocumented migrants and they take our jobs know very well who they they include his vision of the US has for one of dystopia he even described the as a crisis worse than the Great Depression. But amid all this desolation Trump gains three things. He fuels doubt and leaving people he denigrates his opposition en blaming the world on and he raises himself up above the nonexistent wreckage. big a man who once took a joke about the size of his hands too Trump spends a lot of time trying to look as large as from his worth estimates to crowds at his rallies and his success in meaningless is pierced throughout by paperwork. In the Guardian found that Trump valued a New golf course at in one document and at in a court filing sued to pay lower On the New Times reported similarly huge discrepancies in his reported income. The Post has shown repeatedly that boasts of charitable giving have virtually nothing behind has also falsely bragged of endorsements from federal agencies and claimed environmental and tried the ploy in he has called the millions his father gave him as small and portrayed his loss in 1995 as an example of tax sort of exaggeration is a common sales overstate the value of a product to make it more attractive and assume it will be bargained downward. In Trump confessed about his then quickly said building a wall on the southern border was the equivalent of a liar I say is but not at the messenger Twitter Trump on and the in Trump attacks what he calls dishonest accusing reporters of inaccuracy and a failure to show the size of his rallies. He ignores that reporters quote him call his campaign for interview his his campaign and independent voters and experts. He often cites news stories about and even praised in a presidential debate for catching her in a every Trump says the cameras refuse to show his even though his campaign forces cameras to stay within a small where they pan to show the crowd as anyone at his rallies or watching can see. Only one camera at each event stays fixed on the shared whose footage networks share and which stays on Trump so as not to miss his a target for criticism from the noted that Trump joked in private with reporters about how he understands how the pool camera is a shtick that he does to rile up his she give them an excuse for polls that might not be in his to give them an excuse to berate someone not scorched earth like his attacks on other try to authority and leave only himself in its place. But while most still respect other institutions that Trump has the press was vulnerable. Decades of cable news punditry had already diminished opinion of the and the has sapped major newspapers of their powers to compete with openly partisan fake news and social media networks. Trump tried to fill the fire not most famous false about birthplace and who started is only one of was father and drawn from a tabloid with ties to the climate change that was by the the who cheered the vaccines that cause the Miss Universe the political correctness of the secret president and his secret terror and the plot of bankers and the category includes what the Dale calls the oddest of falsehoods. These claims include an invented letter from the about the authorship of the poem The and that Frank hate My Way his entire life. Trump himself seems to get lost in the and sometimes slips into a Dadaist jumble of allusions cattle 33,000 emails that sound sinister when put together. This is apparently the desired a haze of noxious even if no one has found fire for all that smoke. For more than 20 journalists and congressional Republicans have tried. The latter have spent tens of millions of taxpayer dollars investigating the associations and careless email practices but have yet to find criminal conduct. Arguably worst conspiracy is his insistence that voter fraud has the which merges his fringe claims with his attack on institutions. No evidence supports the claim of widespread fraud and the decentralized electoral college makes such a conspiracy functionally impossible but the claim gives Trump something to blame failure on besides himself. Like his other it sows doubt and diminishing the nation so that Trump can portray himself as an favorite escape from this maze is the phrase something going which lets Trump suggest claim ignorance and say nothing of substance at everything Twitter never used language as bad as Jay in my cornered by his own quotes or something he Trump often lies with blunt denials or variations of the phrases very or look into Inside a Trump good people in a feedback loop of paranoia and hate Read also tries to wriggle out of uncomfortable situations with this most notably when he claimed ignorance of the former leader who has professed approval for his and white supremacists. Trump had disavowed Duke a few days earlier and denounced him in but in he refused to condemn know anything about what even talking about with white supremacy or white the edge of pointless and denial is fixation with whom he has claimed to know to have spoken with and and to have never met and about. Trump also falsely insists that called him called him all falsehoods are exotic. Like and many career he sprinkles misleading statistics into including on the murder poverty among the deficit and also takes the tactic a step condensing whole arguments into outrageous This is how a conservative argument about military presence in transformed into the claim that and how support for immigration reform became . has similarly oversimplified arguments into for instance linking tax cuts to the financial a weekly elections 
nails it 31 My wife and I have just returned from across for six weeks. We looked for election signs all the way. The only Trump sign we saw was on the Trump Tower he once owned in We saw one a damp print in a front yard in the lefty area of the night of the second We saw one Sanders same same area. We did see two Feel the bumper stickers on a car at an surf beach. This was the only bumper sticker we began in across the and west to We through to St then through central up into then to across and to where I mailed my absentee ballot. Yet most significant was what we never the word Republican nor the word anywhere on any sign or poster. Everywhere we saw posters and signs for candidates for the for state senators and and sheriffs. All avoided listing their Much attention has been focused on the timing of chief letter to Congress saying his agency is investigating more emails potentially related to He chose to issue the letter just 10 days before the hotly contested election. But it is the scheduling that reveals the letter to be political released as it was on a afternoon. That timing guaranteed no new information would be revealed at least until giving speculation and hyperbole a head start on the facts. And it teed up the issue for the influential morning political That timing is a Colleen Burns When was running against for the Democratic the popular narrative first female president versus first president. excessive personality triggered a different about two maniacs running for president. The fact that some of the original narrative has been lost that a week away from potentially seeing the first female president of the United States is a shame. I follow politics but seeing the US elect a female president is an important and exciting sign of progress that seems to have been lost in the elections 
Artistic star spokeswoman. the artistic director of National is one busy woman. Ms. a former Royal Ballet principal has been in her current job for four and she has made a startling difference to National Ballet a touring company of 67 dancers that has no home theater and has struggled for a long time to establish its identity in the shadow of the Royal. On her company began a run of critically praised at Wells. Ms. commissioned the piece last part of her approach. She is also the marquee ballerina with a fellow Royal Ballet somehow managing to keep up her technical form and artistry while acting as a cheerleader and glamorous ad for her organization. Does she a you learn Ms. said. Looking pale and slightly Ms. even appeared full of energy in an interview earlier this month at the headquarters near Royal Hall. Every she involves a juggling act between dancing and directorial with her attention constantly pulled among the needs of her administrative meetings and performing. There are few female ballet company but Ms. knew it was a job she wanted. can have a much wider impact on society as a than a she said. think ballet can be so much more do so much than it does Since succeeding Eagling in she has worked that commissioning works from three relatively unknown female and a program from and She has also programmed challenging works by and And last she formed an association with Wells that has given National Ballet a base to showcase its contemporary work. That is kind of that a touring ballet company otherwise do in this the chief dance critic for The said in an referring to recent cuts in arts financing. Ms. has a narrow path to walk between popular appeal and artistic innovation. National Ballet Festival Ballet until was founded in 1950 by the ballet stars and with the aim of taking ballet to the provinces. The troupe still has a touring and with subsidies at a much lower level than those of Royal it depends on certainties like and an annual annual budget is about with million coming from Arts Council a government seen so many directors come through over the years some of them with visionary a dance critic for The said in an email. were defeated by cautiousness of the board and by the remit from Arts Council England to deliver ballet to the Ms. who danced with National Ballet for three years before joining Royal Ballet in mean to lose. actually saw advantages in most of the things people thought of as she said. means you can really build young artists by giving them proper time And the beauty of rivaling the Royal is that we can really create an identity of our own. How should we look at the classical repertory and perform it Ballet has been her passion since she was Ms. when she first glimpsed a class was a after school in where she grew up. Her parents were not well off and made sacrifices to send her to an excellent ballet run by Victor whose company she joined at 16. After winning the International Dance Competition in she left to join National where she spent just six months before being approached by then the director of National Ballet. She think about directing a she until government approached her in when she was with Royal Ballet. president wanted something like an National Ballet for a touring and he wanted to know what it would what infrastructure would it would I take Ms. said. felt it was too early for but I began to do the and I realized that I wanted to know as much as possible about how to run a government did not go ahead with the Ms. later participated in training for future artistic shadowing at the National Ballet of When the Royal Ballet directorship opened in she was a although the job ultimately went to Ms. said she was relieved. few years this position became she I knew what I could achieve Ms. is a said the artistic director of Wells. is out looking for making things looking for a brilliant he said. the financial she has been able to be more fleet of foot than she would have been at the Royal. The challenges for her are to raise enough and keep audience numbers Ms. big challenge will be raising money for the planned 2018 move from its current cramped location to new headquarters it will share with National Ballet School in Canning East It will cost about she said. As well as doubling studio the new building will have a production studio with a stage and full lighting and sound capability. stage is big enough for but the theater has a capacity of just a ballet company will invest on average 1.8 million million a new then give themselves two days because just too Ms. said. with theater and its weeks of previews. But the same audience. Right we are asking them to somehow bear with and I want that. I want you to be moved and impressed and intrigued and overwhelmed. I want audiences to have the highest
The triumph of a stunning turnaround at the end of a bitter and polarizing election Republican Trump was declared at this morning. The delivered with a clear electoral was immediately declared one of the greatest presidential election upsets. to keep you complicated complicated the billionaire businessman and former Apprentice host told supporters gathered to hear his victory speech at a New hotel. will be a president for all he said. say it is time for us to come together as one united people. For those who have chosen not to support me in the of which there were a few reaching out to you for your guidance and your help so we can work together and unify our great Twitter victory speech in full won 279 electoral with three states yet to be winning the crucial battleground states of North and The in the including and crumbled against all poll predictions. But the Republicans just take the White they kept control of the House and Senate. opponent defeated in her quest to make history as the first female conceded the race in a phone call on morning but address her hundreds of dumbstruck supporters who had gathered at the Convention Center in New invited Trump to visit the White House on to begin the process of Trump wins US offers congratulations live Read the election results in full Trump wins presidential plunging US into uncertain Trump is the first reality television star and the first since to win the nomination for president of a major political party. He was the first to spend part of his campaign denying sexual assault allegations and clashing with the family of a fallen soldier and a Miss Universe winner. At he is the oldest person in history to be elected US president. His winning formula was to copy simple promise to make great again according to exit polling focusing on fears around immigration and trade. It was an appeal to the not the and his supporters overlooked his obvious flaws. How Trump won the volatility and a common the fearless Guardian is an independent voice in this election. That means no bias or corporate owner influencing our coverage. But political reporting takes a lot of money and hard work to produce. If everyone who reads our coverage helps to pay for our future will be more secure. Support the Guardian with a monthly or a managed to lose an election to a candidate as divisive and unpopular as Trump will baffle observers and agonize Democrats for years to come. Some glimpses of rational explanation may become visible. Incumbent parties rarely hold on to power after eight years in office. failed to enunciate a clear economic vision or address stagnant wage levels and soaring inequality many voters felt were symptoms of a rigged system. Nor did they trust her. A murky web of business connections to her charity left many doubting sincerity. Then there were the emails percolating since before she announced her candidacy which played into the notion that the behaved as if the law did not apply to them. Why lost the the trust and a weak fail to retake Democratic party failed to retake the US Senate on following losses in and as Republicans delivered Trump a Congress firmly in conservative control. Democratic morale was buoyed slightly by a Senate victory in where congresswoman beat the Republican Mark Kirk. Even before election the Democrats had given up on hopes of recapturing the House of Representatives. first order of business will be to select a conservative judge for the supreme court. Democrats fail to retake control of the Senate after big losses on election polls were wrong captured of the popular vote or 58,909,579 votes to according to current tallies. Blame the but a hunger for certainty sets expectations that are impossible to meet. The polls were wrong. And because we are obsessed with predicting opinions rather than listening to we see it coming. the world woke up believing that Republican candidate Trump had a chance of winning based on polling predictions. People change their they can decide to not share their opinions or they can lie. And before you even get to some of the statistical issues that make polling inaccurate. Nine percent of voters 18-29 voted for third the polls were wrong. leaders surprise victory led to applause in the parliament and a swift call from President for a new era of fledged between his country and the US. Top officials at the Union have invited Trump to for an urgent summit. president of the and president of the congratulated Trump and urged him to come to for talks your earliest Meanwhile prime congratulated saying and the US have enduring and special relationship based on the values of democracy and leaders react to US election victory Markets futures market says the will fall by around 300 or nearly a significant drop at its but not the plunge anticipated when the shock results rolled in last night. The 100 index slumped 130 points as markets opened a fall that was projected to be considerably greater before Trump took the stage. because he sounded more there was no mention of her or a said chief economist at money brokers World markets rocked as Trump surges towards White at fault The woman we were constantly assured was the best qualified candidate of all time has lost to the least qualified candidate of all writes Frank. Everyone who was anyone rallied around and it make any difference. The man too incompetent to insult is now going to sit in the Oval where he will hand down his verdicts on the grandees and sages of the old order. Trump is moving to the White and liberals put him there The US has elected its most dangerous the United States the country that from its seen itself as a beacon that would inspire the a society that praised itself as last best hope of the nation that had seemed to be bending the arc of history towards as so memorably put it on this same morning eight years ago has stepped into the writes The US has elected its most dangerous leader. We all have plenty to columnists is a terrifying moment for Hold your loved ones says Thrasher. writes that race and sex stoked deep autonomic responses in the psyche and Harding insists that her country hates which is bad and pretends it which is does the US election result say about misogyny in Our panel US elections 
When the Black Panthers came to west their boldness and courage struck a chord with my friends and me. They handed out papers with graphic depictions of black men and women standing up for themselves and demanding freedom. I was and never seen anything like grew up in a predominantly black community of people. Many were children or grandchildren of people who had migrated from the south. Before I joined the Black Panther failed school. I was working hard at doing all the wrong things. Getting involved with the party led me in a new first step was going to a political education class. I listened to people explain racism and white capitalism and imperialism. They talked about why my looked one way whereas others looked another way. My friends and I had discussed these this put them in this at the front by I in any position of leadership. We often did marches through the community. It was a way for us to learn to work together. We tried to educate ourselves and other young people that it in our best interests to have internal fights it promote unity. Young kids liked to be part of the because it was fun. We would sing and calling for the end of the war or the release of political are stereotypes of the Black Panthers as people who ran around with fighting the police day and but far from the truth. We spent most days doing voluntary and advocacy work. We served free breakfasts to worked with had a free medical clinic. At we ran where we taught the history of black people. present young people with more possibilities than they were given at public had it I was never fighting segregation in the US south Read was no such thing as a and I worked for the party for two years. remained involved in politics for the rest of my life. Four years ago I founded an independent black political the New Independence party. The issues involved in now include police and community violence. And I still fight for political have communication and tools at our fingertips now that we have imagined 50 years ago. Back use mimeograph machines that would get ink all over our shirts and hands. print 500 then run around passing them out. The sophistication of technology accounts for the current spotlight on police brutality and terror. That stop in the And it stopped 63 now. I have six kids and all politically especially the older ones. When I look at myself I see someone who was willing to take a risk and stand up for the things he thought were right. extremely proud to have been part of a party that helped shape radical thought in the United States among black people and other people of Power To The The World Of The Black by Bobby and photographer is published by Books at you in a notable Email me in the rights 
has to switch his phone off at work so the constant text messages do not distract him. He gets around 20-25 a day from payday lenders and brokers offering loans of up to a We have reviewed your application a typical text reads. loan of up to is ready to says another. received your loan inquiry. Are you able to take our Reply YES email is just as with messages from brokers and lenders arriving as often as every five minutes at some points during the day. The same lender might send messages at and while two for the same broker arrive one after another. Taking up any of these offers of credit would not be cheap all the firms offer often at annual rates of more than loan complaints to financial ombudsman nearly triple in a year Read who is in his early and has a wife and young is upfront about the fact he opened the door to these lenders. A gambling he took out loans over a few his debts mounting up until he became insolvent in late 2014. Recent money worries saw him searching for loans this and the floodgates you put the feelers as lots of people they start to show their true he says. are firms out there who have taken a lot of but even with that negative press and extra regulation they are still happy to bombard and harass and even lend to someone who has a history of not being able to pay it back and is in says he feels like a drug addict being constantly offered temptation. is a very complex and difficult he says. have bumps in the and when you have those bumps the very last thing you need is temptation. My life would be immeasurably easier if my drug of choice as readily available. If it so in my face it would be less of a may have fallen victim to what is known as a whereby an application is made through a particular type of site that is itself not a lender but a It passes your request on to many other firms. Although the rules around payday loans have been it seems some lenders and brokers are still playing fast and loose with contact is not the first time has fallen into this trap. Several years ago he was being similarly inundated with messages from lenders and but since then the industry has come under the stewardship of a new and thought things had changed. his credit record is worse. In late 2014 he and his partner entered into an an insolvency arrangement that allows borrowers to negotiate of their debts over a set period of time. At the time the couple could manage to pay a month into the after bills and the cost of to but this summer the rented home they had lived in for eight years was put on the market and they found that their monthly costs had fallen behind the market rate. Their new in a less nice part of costs them a compared with the they were and as a result they are behind on the Even with negative press and extra regulation they are still happy to bombard and harass someone who is the found he was able to take out new loans from two neither of whom asked him to disclose previous money problems. His terrible credit record proved no the summer Citizens Advice said some payday lenders were still flouting the guidance on responsible with around a quarter of borrowers saying they been or could not remember being about their situation. It cited the example of a client who was granted a payday loan following checks despite suffering from depression and having no permanent being previously declared bankrupt and having only benefit the emails and texts flood even as the lenders he is now behind with get in touch to ask for the company is also chasing him. He has considered changing his phone but at the moment just turns it off. He says he think will make a the reaffirms that under existing rules lenders are not allowed to send emails telling people that they have been approved for a loan. rules require that firms do not state or imply to customers that credit is available regardless of the financial circumstances or status. We also require that all communications are fair and not misleading. If a financial promotion is misleading it is likely to contravene our says he wants people to know that lenders and brokers are still aggressively targeting despite the new rules. you fill in your it just go to the one company it gets fired out to all of the sharks in the Over half a million in have their debt written off over Read urges debt charity has called on the City watchdog to ban unsolicited calls for financial such as payday are contacting people who are financially vulnerable with offers of loans that can cause serious financial says the head of policy Peter problem for many people is they have lost control of their personal data and do not know which have or will use their information and sometimes this can result in being a report published on the charity said that nearly two years on from the introduction of tough the payday loans market to show signs of irresponsible lending and poor treatment of people in financial It said inappropriate lending was still people were still building up multiple and checks carried out by lenders were still not always the first six months of the helped 28,000 people with payday loan with more than a third having three or more such debts. The average amount owed was just lower than in 2014 before the regulations came into force. the proportion of people coming to the charity with payday loan debts has fallen from its peak of prior to the regulations to this number of additional rules came into force in including a requirement that interest and fees on all credit loans are capped at per day of the amount borrowed. If borrowers do not repay their loans on default charges must not exceed In the total cost interest is capped at of the original which means no borrower will ever pay back more than twice what they added that the digital economy currently going through was an opportunity to tighten the rules around firms selling and sharing personal you are struggling with there are many places you can turn to for free advice. They Debt Charity or call 0800 138 Citizens Advice Find your local bureau at National or call 0808 808 A service financed by the credit industry at or call 0800 280 and 
The publisher behind titles including newspaper the New and the Eastern Daily Press has launched a radical digital restructure that puts almost 60 roles at the publisher of more than 130 newspapers and magazines and owner of local channel Mustard is also looking to create dozens of new digitally focused positions as part of the chief content informed staff of the plans in a lengthy strategy document explaining that the regional publisher needed to in the digital New wins serial rights to new book Read is a matter of public record that our print circulations are in steady he in an email to staff. the same we have not yet been able to recreate the same highly large loyal local audiences in digital that we have enjoyed in the which have been developed since joined from Local World last but become more urgent as fears have exacerbated an already tough advertising 40 new roles will be with the net loss of about 17 plans include creating a newspaper production unit so that the business can focus on being strategy begins and ends with our said the newspaper will be done with a very light touch from editors. I do not want our editors spending hours deciding between page 9 and 15 added that there would be less of a approach with senior reporters and specialists encouraged to publish direct to from the domineering task of filling the a I am asking us to stop editing a and instead edit the community we said that big monthly unique user numbers for web visitors were meaningless if they did not translate into meaningful we box clever we can outperform even in our he said. knows our communities better than we do. Over time I expect we as a content consider digital to be a natural part of our of equal importance to which publishes four daily about 50 weeklies and 80 employs about 460 people across the New launched as a title launched in nine days to on the market is profitable with a of about by scoops from and Tony local 
With on the there are signs that set for a renewed squeeze on our as the weak pound drives inflation higher and cautious businesses rein in wage this weekend you do get something for as the clocks go everyone gets an extra hour for free. So why not spend it making yourself richer. It may be the end of daylight saving but it can be the start of some savings that will last the winter and beyond. Energy bills Twitter for the will Your latest bill the name of your the tariff and how much you your bank a meter can be as simple as a couple of clicks to get the switching process started to change to a cheaper energy says managing director of home and legal services at research has shown many people could be saving up to a year on their energy only takes about five minutes to swap provider If you not only will you miss out on saving you may also see your current bills leap by if on one of the 14 fixed deals that expire on 31 according to Go Compare. It points out that even if you are in debt to your energy company its research shows of homeowners owe their energy supplier money you may still be able to change your energy tariff or supplier. Where to Comparison sites allow you to enter your details and search for deals. There is a list at which is run by the regulator Current accounts Twitter will Your bank account details and access to banking passwords. You can earn free cash if you switch bank accounts. Cash incentives include from First Direct and and from the Bank when you transfer your current account using the official current account switch service. The account to swap to depends on how you use your current account. If you qualify for the cash incentives some accounts ask you to pay in a minimum amount each there are still ways to you use an overdraft on a regular basis possible to save or a not just now but for years to says personal finance expert at For says that if you are overdrawn by for seven days each month it would cost you per year with First but with or it would cost per and per year with to The official switch service has a guide to moving your account and links to sites where you can shop around. Go to want to Spend 10 minutes flicking through your statements instead and check that there are no payments going out that you were unaware of or had failed to cancel. Also check that you know what perks your account has attached to it. you spending double on by buying travel insurance when already free with your says spokesperson for To keep tabs on your spending download a free budgeting to your such as or to work out where your money goes. Travel Twitter will Your email your calendar and a the pound weak against major a holiday in the sun can feel like an luxury. in a few you can sign up to sites and alerts that make or join a site that allows you to stay in other homes for free while they use yours. If you join a home swap your accommodation costs drop to nearly nothing. You could be off to a beach house in or a houseboat in . Both these sites offer free trials before you pay any fees. You will need to offer your home in so you will need to take and upload some photographs of it looking its best. To get to your destination at the best look out for deals on flights. You can sign up to email alerts on cheap flights on websites such as and Kayak. Savings Twitter will access to your savings accounts as statements and account the Bank of England base rate cut in savings rates have plummeted. offer rates as miserable as says of savers have suffered since the rate so now is the time to ditch accounts and make the most of your Ditching an account that pays on for and switching to one that pays means that instead of earning a year in get a free money when you look at it like says either let the banks effectively borrow your cash for paying you a dreadful or you move your money to one that earns you how much you can afford to put into accounts higher interest and how much you need in an account. Where to Go or dig out the latest letter from your savings provider and find out how much you are being paid on your existing accounts. use comparison sites such as to find the best or call your provider to discuss your Twitter will Your last mortgage statement with the balance and recent and details of your expenditure can see this on your current You can kick off the application process for a in just a few though you will then have to wait for a broker or lender to do their bit. is a good time to says Ray of broker John if there is a further cut to the Bank base mortgages are unlikely to be cheaper than they are now. And if on a standard variable rate you should be able to save money by switching are around the says Peter product manager at broker Country while fixed rates can be as low as arrangement fees of around loans are at so entirely feasible that you could quickly cut your rate by he on a with 20 years of the term a loan means a monthly repayment of to a deal with no fees to and that drops to a month. a saving of a and in two years. fixed deals are also with the lowest under says deals start with building which after three years charges an early redemption fee of only if you decide to move home or to Check the rates available on tables and comparison and put your details into mortgage calculators to see how much better off you could 
The jockey John gave a and brazen account of how he claims to have stopped two as the rehearing of the Best case began on The matter was originally heard in but the verdict against a was subsequently struck down and the matter is now being reheard over the whole of this week at the offices of the with an outside chance of a verdict on claims Best instructed him to ensure Echo and Missile Man were well beaten when they raced in a charge Best denies. The credibility came under immediate attack from acting for who repeatedly pressed John on the issue of whether a deal had been done with the in exchange for his recent gallops injury has left John with a broken collar bone and his right arm in a sling. Wincing as he gave he described his efforts to stop the two horses in terms which would infuriate any accuses of over Best case Read torn his teeth out for the last mile and a John watching footage of Echo crossing the line at in fifth 24 lengths behind the winner. At an earlier point in the the jockey looks like trying to give it a kick and a squeeze but you can see as I do that fighting with his head. deceptive on the stewards and the punters. It looks like trying when claimed he had used with his whip on both horses and spoke also of giving a or a to improve the look of a ride. He said he knew where cameras were positioned around the track and would make a visible effort when near the painted a picture of John as a jockey whose career was hanging by a thread after he had left the service of three other trainers within 18 months. Jump jockeys at the early phase of their career are expected to stay with their trainer for at least a year. When John signed up with Best in August the sent a letter to the jockey explaining it had about his employment history and noting if he left yard in less than a he would not get another unless there were than four months the stewards found John had made insufficient effort on both Echo and Missile Man. referred to a email from the to saying it would not seek to have him disqualified if he pleaded guilty and gave evidence that Best had told him to stop the horses. a asked was no deal the jockey insisted. decided to come clean about and effectively made that one worse for myself. now an amateur and I ridden since I rode for Best at late argued that problems with employers arose from his being talented but in the saddle and aggressive and difficult to out of which John denied. John claimed he left one Victor because he was having trouble getting time off to take his mother to hospital for cancer support of his showed John footage of two rides which went badly wrong for the jockey. On Mother at he came within a few feet of going on to the wrong riding straight ahead while other jockeys followed the course to the right. On at he slipped haplessly from the saddle while leading at the top of the claimed the tumble was the result of his having lost in 12 in order to make the weight for the ride. He said he had lost the weight by taking a hot bath while in baby and drinking a pint of water containing four tablespoons of acknowledged that he had once fought with his fellow jockey Bass over a incident at He denied to head squared up to me and then I called him a jockey also denied repeated suggestions from that he liked a insisting he might only have little brandy at When the barrister produced photos of John with friends in a John can be in a pub without having a and insisted that fingers shown clasped around a bottle were not also denied a suggestion from that he had associates of his to confront and threaten him in an effort to dissuade him from giving evidence to the first hearing in of documents has been a vexed issue throughout this case and ended the first hearing by pressing the about a meeting between the regulator and solicitor on 21 No note of that meeting has been shared with the told the panel that the me he has checked and looked and found He added there had been unhappy to disclosure of documents in the 
The government claims that its new Teaching Excellence Framework will put students at the of the the metrics being used for the tell us little about teaching quality and nothing about how we could improve what does a metric actually tell us about teaching If we look closely at the we are most likely to learn that a chances of landing a decent job are heavily shaped by things such as social geographical institutional reputation and subject choice. That would hardly be revelatory. Imagine a that actually measured teaching excellence... Read aspect of university life that has been ignored by the thus far is the issue of Yet there is now a large body of research in the over a that shows it has a clear impact on teaching quality. Insecure working practices now permeate every section of our society. Although students probably most of them are taught at some perhaps even for majority of their time at by people on insecure casual contracts. Some universities have been accused of trying to ape the worst practices of the likes of Sport Direct. The exploitative use of contracts including and even ones breeds insecurity and and forces people to work long hours for poor pay. Many work for more than one university to make ends meet. It cannot be right that the people teaching our students are constantly not knowing from or even whether they will have a job or how much they might the Teaching Excellence Framework be a for universities to raise Read has an impact on education. US research demonstrates that students who take large numbers of courses with teachers employed on insecure or who are in institutions with large numbers of tend to graduate at a lower rate and are more likely to drop out of college. The which was set up to look at increased in the has noted a correlation between increases in the use of staff and negative effects on student learning. It argues no matter how good they are as those employed on casual contracts have working conditions that make it impossible for them consistently to reproduce the high quality interactions with students that can be achieved by those on secure academics who teach at private universities in have recently won the right to and collectively bargain for better is bad for both staff and on the one hand it makes it more difficult for students to make contact with casual staff often paid only by the and on the other it denies talented teachers the job security they need to their own academic universities to be ranked silver and bronze Read research makes much of the quality of interactions between staff and students. It suggests that students from backgrounds are more likely to experience academic success and express satisfaction with their academic experience if they have good support from government should be looking at the findings in the US at the very considering research of its to uncover more about the relationship between and teaching the government truly cared about teaching it would spend less time forging ahead with its controversial higher education bill complete with a built up out of unreliable metrics and more time looking at the way universities treat their insecure staff. It could start by asking universities to publish what percentage of undergraduate teaching is done by staff. Bringing this out into the open would transform expectations and genuinely place teachers and students at the heart of the the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education and 
Picture a child entering the around the time that a new social networking venture known as is making its own entrance to the world. It is and the child is easy to picture. Her parents have photographed their first first first spoonfuls and first steps. When she reaches school she is snapped in probably outside the front and one probably her shares the image with friends. The child learns to write her name. She wins excels at sport. When and later Vine her public identities multiply. She starts secondary a few this child and her classmates will begin to turn 13 create their own accounts. When they they will come face to face with their digital shadow. They may step into it or try to sever themselves from but it let this media because it has logged their lives from the moment they left the womb. Some will their digital but what of those whose identity bears little relation to their sense of or to the public identity they want to For parents have fretted about their posting while continuing to post as they wish about their offspring. Is it time they stopped or at least asked for permission parents pictures of their children on social Read these questions are on the minds of the children at community school in east where the and members of the Debate Mate club are filing into a classroom on the first slinging down school bags and glancing at the motion on the house would ban parents from posting about their children on social the debate leader kind of weird your parents are still posting pictures of you on social someone says. One bows his head and writes a single word on his reputation. is really about his friend says. I want to be seen by a broader range of There is a loud hum of agreement and one girl raises her We want them invading our privacy. Because some of the only privacy we get is through social pupils often discuss social networking their attractions and but this is the first time they have turned their scrutiny on their own parents. And yet parents are the object of an increasingly aggressive interrogation. This spring a mother from called out her bullying on only for the post to go the criticism of her became so intense she removed it and changed her page and phone number. Next came the mother from whose photographs of her daughter in tiny high fashion outfits attracted an following that included until critics claimed the woman was her baby. She has since locked the account and gone to ground. After her came the father who nakedly cradled his feverish baby in the an image his wife snapped and before removed it as sharing about your children has long incited but recently the disapproval has begun to acquire a tinge. In police warned parents against posting photos of their children on social according to social media analyst the children could soon be able to sue them for posting inappropriate under the privacy laws. The treasurer of the Human Rights Lawyers echoes the idea that it is only a matter of time before children mount legal challenges against parents. imagine it not being something that starts to develop within the next five to 10 she says. see how there be attempts at suing people for putting up posts that unhappy One day my hair was all sticking up all over. My auntie put it on I was so embarrassed I parents may shrug off the shaming stories and the sharing of family such as the the the as beyond the range of their own moderate social media activity. But listen to the children in the classroom and it becomes clear how many degrees there are of shame. To these even small instances of sharing can be divisive. When I ask if anyone has experienced being hands shoot but the answers are a long way from the public shaming that normally grabs headlines. They are exactly the sort of infringements that many parents will commit without a second was eating a Subway. Chicken Eating that and my mum just took the picture and posted it on one pupil I was little my parents took a picture of me being Three weeks ago they posted it on Me on the toilet. It was really another was with my aunt in the park. I was wearing my scarf but I have a pin. It flew off and my hair was all sticking up all over the place. My auntie put it on I was so embarrassed I was crying. I asked her to take it down but she it looks uncle posted when his daughter had for raises her hand. love to post things about personal information that you might not she says. kind of affects your relationship with them. when you want to speak to them about certain worried they might post classmate stands up. Her team supports the motion on the that parents should be banned from posting and they have an idea. want to pass a law that requires open forms of social media to put a consent button on their so a child can report whether their parents have posted about them without she declares. parents refuse to they will be fined the amount of suggestions may sound excessive and in fact they lie squarely within the recommendations made by a number of adults campaigning in this field. idea of a for echoes the attempts by a Democratic state representative in La K to make the shaming of children on social networking sites an Offending parents should face a he has just like would be a fine paid directly to the child. As for the apparently idea of a this sounds uncannily similar to the proposed by the campaign steered by the peer and to protect and empower children the irritation chimes with research published in March by a team at the University of After interviewing 249 pairings across 40 US the researchers found that children were more than twice as likely as parents to say that adults should not post information about them without permission. Would the children Class rings with shouts going to their Miss one of her students cries. a thing called wishful is children are unlikely to gain control over their posting habits. But there is still scope for a conversation about what constitutes fair and each family will draw its lines differently. Consider the case of Heather the photographer and teaching assistant who took the photograph of her husband and son in the shower that like. saw the and the as the height of parental care. Their had had a temperature for hours. Her was trying to cool the fever. For two kept the image finally posting it in May after removed other pictures she had shared of her children. She wanted to take a show that just innocent pictures that people are twisting and getting offended was unprepared for the response for the way in which removed images from her page every time it received sufficient for the level of disapproval the image including claims that it was or But stand had one other unexpected consequence. As the interested and the outraged followed the link to her some began to question the as well as the of showing children naked. just thought you were free to post what you wanted on the says now. But then she discovered that in the state of show any naked images of pelvic area or and I I was technically breaking a removed the everything but the moral I feel done anything wrong. not exploiting my children. not abusing my children. just sharing our lives exactly how they She saw how many pictures there were of her and she like it. Now any time you see it is with her experience shows just how nebulous and fraught the territory of sharing can be. her experience would never befall those for whom posting naked images of children is strictly out of bounds. But the case of is complicated. She and her partner are raising their children not be ashamed or embarrassed of their They are living within the boundaries they have set for themselves. show nudity a lot of times because they think it will have a negative impact on their child. Your footprint is for ever on the says. absurd. I just hope to combat that a little. Who knows how it will actually turn but I hope that my children ever look back and see pictures of themselves as children and feel embarrassed by other people seeing them as well. Because there is nothing to be embarrassed the toddler in the is still too young to veto or cherish the photograph that caused such but his older sister according to her mother. really wrap her head around why people would think there was anything wrong with while Lily was comfortable with the image of her baby she was deeply unhappy with other photographs her mother had uploaded the apparently harmless kind that many parents post. One day at around the age of Lily began to scroll through her saw how many pictures there were of her and she like says. For whenever Lily saw with the she hid. really opened up a conversation about why I take why I share who I share pictures time you see it is with her a researcher at the School of believes we are entering a crucial moment. are starting to see kids who have grown whose parents have shared and who are beginning to a minute. not sure comfortable with What families she is a conversation. After it was Lily at who instigated the with her mother that earned her the right to veto content. Does Lily have advice for other should take any pictures of me it makes me she says. might change my mind one but today I want to have to hide from your Soon this chat might become as standard as the one about the birds and the bees. sees nothing to fear. Both she points are united by being the first generation of parents and children to negotiate this path. can be a really shared she says enthusiastically. dilemmas are shared the pleasures are shared pleasures. a moment of who has says she is a person who advises total protection. I certainly share things about your children important that parents are able to claim their own space about that. to need this has always seen her sharing in those feel I share everything as my story this is my perspective on my life as a mother with these children. not trying to put words in their or tell the story from their is one of the oldest questions of who does the story belong and countless others believe they are telling their own and sharing posts about their children where they fit that perspective. But complicated. never had a filter says sounding forlorn. love the idea of having connections with other mothers and people. But I share the way I used After the she is still fathoming whether to photograph differently or simply stop sharing. other such as the author who has written about her commitment to post nothing about her daughter the same process of consideration deters them from sharing altogether. They have the big conversation with each sometimes their children and decide the best answer is the Guardian asked readers about their who is 30 and lives in the north of I started to my own I began to feel intensely uncomfortable. How could I in her a principle of privacy when I had essentially devalued hers from the She stopped posting. we post is facets of said a teacher in whose includes a chapter on think there is a morality to using children to explore parts of ourselves. My children are not me. They are who says she has never interacted with her children on social networking sites are now 19 and thinks that her reflects the idea that is inappropriate when the whole point of the journey to adulthood is to to work out who you what your values how going to fit in. I think we have not thought hard enough about what that process might be if so much is shared and so much is are three issues she says. is the right to a certain sort of privacy. The second is the need of young people to transgress and bump into their and for that to be somewhat safe. The third is the need to break away from the model of your own posts dried up as I researched this article. Of I can ask my children for but I am not sure they are ready for a responsibility with permanent consequences. If an consents to a is it fair to act upon that or should a parent how those feelings might After posts are eternal and a child cannot speak for his or her future any a consent can be even within one given day. My at would prefer her photo not to appear on but would be more than happy to see a video of herself playing on My says he is sad that know Even the teenagers at are conflicted. In the they vote against suggestion of a fine for parents who share without their but they squirm in their clawing the air for a turn to speak when I ask what rules they would lay down for their say embarrassing jokes too far as the world is not pictures of me when I look post baby pictures unless happy and fully ever comment on my stalk my profile waiting for me to load add me. Or my tell dad take pictures of me eating my friends take it out of try and use slang on our wall. On your profiles you can embarrass yourselves all you but when on our profiles it looks like taught you to say that. And it makes us look really behind the every family is different. In a quiet in Newton with sunlight pouring into the Molly and her son Roman are sitting on the sofa discussing their experience of going with Roman desperately unhappy at Molly posted a plea on her page for his parents to send her birthday cards. have any friends and often cries himself to the post began. It was shared around the world. 40,000 Molly says. her post breaks only the second of the by disclosing that Molly and Roman are Molly nor nor his two nor his dad who says he hates social were prepared for what happened next. Thousands of people left birthday greetings At the office of a friend whose address was hastily borrowed to protect privacy cards and gifts began to arrive. Molly the chaos into a Cards For Roman were and some of them have lasted to the extent that in a year after his plea for Roman celebrated his 12th birthday with 150 strangers and friends at a in and at a second party in They have even met up with in Twitter Molly whose post about her loneliness went with some of the birthday cards he was sent by strangers all over the world. for the Molly tells this talking quickly because there is a lot to fit Roman scurries to and fro with his a Star Wars chess set from someone in the pictures from schoolchildren says he is very big in wicker baskets of sometimes Molly worries. bit. I what happens in years to come if he himself and finds boy with no Last year the local paper ran a headline saying just that. oh my what have I Roman was with and comforted her. it is he said. am really the the benefits of post are visible each day. His tearfulness has declined. The whole household is happier. Molly herself has in the a community that makes her feel supported and in needs her. now got a says. a strange He himself has never read the initial usually declines to appear in and thinks that when it comes to best to err on the side of Molly tells her community that Roman is having a bad or that she she want to pretend to people who know loneliness that loneliness happen. And as difficult to know sometimes what Roman really thinks about leads the way up to to show more of the gifts people sent. There is Bond notepaper from the actor who played the baddie in and a crew from Star Episode wonder if Roman minds thousands of strangers knowing sad. you Molly asks him. you mind that people know you get really Roman replies. know. go I like like Molly that people around the world know you are like it she asks Molly says. She sounds just feels it Roman tells Molly has publicly revealed aspects of her emotional life that other parents might hesitate to she is not incautious. For months she withheld full name and has only recently felt comfortable disclosing that he is autistic. Before her heartfelt she deleted baby pictures of older brother because he was about to start secondary surely the debaters would and Heather Molly has rules. about whether appropriate if in a year or five years your child would be embarrassed by anything done. And just why are you actually doing Is it a positive or is it to give you a social boost as opposed to the Molly might appear to be at the opposite end of the spectrum from who never but the morals that underpin their are remarkably alike. And while Molly thinks be posting pictures of kids in the in some ways her posts are as exposing as that evening Molly emails to say that the conversation with Roman had troubled her. After left the she offered to take down the she but Roman said not to. out he was confused in his room and was talking about not liking being and not his maybe in that wished no one knew he was lonely. when his mother he minded less. Or maybe he understands that the community his mother has created has benefited him and his family. But these are only guesses. It is impossible to know. He is and the world changes many times a day. His parents have his best interests at but like any who share news of their every time they they cross a line between privacy and publicity. Where each parent sees the line is an question. For and others like the truth may be something they are still working or simply prefer not to gone after a few glasses of wine and said things I parents and children talk social media Twitter posts can be really Star with her Browning for the a PA and and her youngest daughter a live in had a account for about 10 so was probably seven when I first joined. I use it to keep in touch with different groups of people old my poetry the puppet show I work with. also friends with a lot of my because often the best way of locating where mine are. I think it bothers them. All their friends are happy to come to the house and sit around my kitchen table and so I think odd. I post on their pages maybe just a message. But really impressed by the sorts of things they share about politics very funny and have definitely made mistakes gone on after a few glasses of wine and said things I have. There have been some angry messages about the state my kids and their friends have left the house in. And they have all asked me to take down various photos. I get sensitive to the fact that trying to be cool or think past the stage of worrying too much about embarrassing my kids. I write poems that are very and I share them on But how I express myself. The kids have occasionally living your life on but an open all fairly streetwise. We have a very open in our house. They have occasionally posted things that I think are a bit questionable showing off a bit about drinking with their that sort of thing. I might have you might want to think about but never that glad around to record my teenage though. hate My siblings and I all use in different ways. posts a lot of likes to talk about stuff. Me and post a lot of news and I like posting videos or songs. I like to put up personal or get too emotional on My posts can be really the I really want to be friends with her on I really want her seeing pictures of me that my friends had posted. They anything they just felt like a bit of my life that was separate from her. Now I mind as much more open. also friends with a lot of my friends on there. not a except that quite free with what she writes. Something would happen between and put it in a and post it to and I wondered whether my friends would see her in a different way. I think maybe I felt protective of her. But no one has ever said has a lot of photos of us when we were little. When I was a bit I hated seeing some of them I remember there was one where I was holding my pet hamster and I just thought I looked greasy and rough. And once my room was really messy and my mum take pictures and put it on I would have hated it if actually done it. Now a bit learned to let go of it all a bit more. I think with out there about me. Twitter feel like the same person I was when I was her Lewis Khan for the a marketing and events and live in with father and her brother 10 been before. One of my followers on someone I turned on then a couple of others who thought were friendly were making comments on my posts. It and I sure how to handle it. In school they give you lessons about what to do if it happens to but when it comes to the reality is very different. But the school did deal with I became a lot more careful about who I accept as and what people can see. Now I have one account for my photography and a separate one for my closest have looked briefly at but I have a clue about how works. I think I mind that there are photos of me. If you know the people that can see those then If not not so sure about that. But I find it embarrassing. Maybe because I feel like the same person I was when I was little. It feel as if those pictures are of The was a harrowing time for but what was good was that some of her friends were supportive and took of the comments as proof of what was happening. was worried I would be so she come to me until after it was over. It was but in a I think it helped her understand what exposed to is a great and she sends me but I check that she is happy before I post anything on Your children have every right to veto what you put although they have to be a certain age before they understand what it means. Neither of mine have ever had an issue with something but then the generation that are used to having photos of themselves everywhere. I think it meant something different for my generation. It took so long to get photos developed that seeing yourself was so much more children were very little when I first signed up. I remember thinking much about privacy then. It until I read in the paper how posts about your children might be seen by complete strangers that I changed my time went I began to feel uncomfortable about posting. It felt like everything was becoming more about how wonderful I and it made me feel quite down. So I left for a while. Eventually I rejoined because it was hard to keep up with everything. So now started again but in a very different and 
A prestigious college at the University of has refused to participate in a inquest into cultural attitudes of misogyny led by former sex discrimination commissioner St college will instead conduct its own internal whose results will be kept residential colleges have long been plagued with reports of scandal and which described as thorn in our in to determine sexual assault prevalence in universities Read this students at the College were condemned for producing a journal that shamed female students who had slept with the most while in 2009 students at St set up a Representative Council the St known for decades that colleges have an issue with but part of the problem is their insularity. When these institutions open to external the sexism inside them is allowed to go she review is a good but we need to remember that none of the recommendations will be binding to the colleges. This is why transparency is so university spokeswoman said had begun working with the remaining five residential colleges and had established a confidential email address for students to share their and her team advise they have been impressed by the openness and enthusiasm for the project and are confident about the long term she has previously led investigations into the treatment of women in the than signing up to the St has opted for workshops led by former students in a bid to reform its internal it is sessions would be run on the lines of the Good Lad workshops. The project manager of Good Lad said he with the college to conduct workshops that help start conversations around sexual masculinity and peer said he would have been happy for the workshops to be delivered alongside the review and that they aimed to establish a moral for male relationships with have an and intimate understanding of the issues unique to that environment and how to improve he said the workshops were a positive thing for colleges to think men do need on take on the responsibility of educating their peers about sexism and consent. As long as we keep shying away from women will keep getting colleges are independent of the university. The warden of St did not respond to Guardian request for but told Media the college had its liberty as a in deciding not to take part in the it was announced that Universities would commission a landmark nationwide survey into the prevalence of sexual assault on campuses. A survey of 1,926 University of students from May reported that one in four had experienced sexual harassment or but only of those reported the incident. and sexual 
I was planning to visit family in China to celebrate New Year last flight from via was due to arrive in on New Eve at local time. I booked an onward domestic flight in the early afternoon to give me time to visit my grandfather in hospital before the family party. After two hours at we were told the flight was due to pilot sickness. I was but this was delayed and I arrived more than 20 hours missing my internal flight and the celebrations. As it was New public services were not running and hotel costs were high. My baggage was lost and I had to return to the airport when it was finally found but it was so damaged I had to buy bags to carry my stuff. during my flight from to my grandfather died. If I had arrived on I would have seen him in his last hours. Under denied boarding regulations I should be but says the cancellation was due to and that they are not therefore liable to pay me is the magic wand airlines like to wave to absolve themselves of liability. Regulation sets amounts of compensation payable to passengers depending on the length of the flight and of the for it fails to provide a helpful list of number of court rulings have narrowed down qualifying excuses. Airlines are expected to have plans in place to cope with setbacks such as bad weather or technical problems considered an inherent part of flying. Crew sickness would certainly seem to as standby staff should be insists its system is fully able to cover normal levels of but the day in question there was an exceptional peak in sickness. We tried to recruit from day but Consumer Disputes to whom you then agreed the situation was of specialists in aviation is essentially arguing that staff falling ill is not part and parcel of running the airline. This does not stand up to in any industry it is inevitable that employees will fall unexpectedly ill at some took on your case free of charge seven months has won minus court fees. This of is no real compensation for your emotional and financial when flight delays do qualify for airlines are not liable for any consequential losses so always buy comprehensive travel insurance and read the small you will hopefully have lodged a separate claim to the airline for your damaged you need help email at or write to Your The Kings 90 Include an address and phone problems with 
Here is this tunes picked by a reader from your suggestions after last Thanks for them all. Read more about how our weekly readers recommend series works at the end of the is depends on where standing. For original the west was the they were said to have came from around 20,000 years ago and surprisingly quickly took over the entire land mass. Over the next few stuff happened ... eventually the smallpox explorers brought with them faster than they and their explorations uncovered mostly empty towns and we begin with an artist in memory of those Native who describes his as from the and his 4 Peyote Songs. Twitter The prairie in western folk song Home on the Range has become an almost mythical defined by a song which has shifted its relevance with each singer who has recorded it version is by but there are But its lyrics seem to encapsulate a and maybe each singer is describing their own their imagination of a perfect a perfectly possible one in which nature lives peacefully alongside prosperous the the a myth within a myth. Here is a Wild West that never existed then any more than dude ranch outfits. a tomboy Day is a perfectly acceptable image. Unconsciously sexy yeah right she sings and dances with a level of comedic timing and naughty posturing that few could aspire to in The Deadwood from Calamity Blue Yodel No. up we have one of the most influential figures in western music. Between the late and early he recorded literally dozens of songs. Tuberculosis won in the at the young age of which is a kind of irony considering he relied on a powerful vocal style that could project over some guitar playing is a river in the eastern states of and West but in this song the protagonist is working on the west of the while dreaming of home. The song has a long and profound apparently most likely referring to early fur trappers using the river road to bring their collections back to what passed for They were often away for years in this seven. Twitter Trapper country. on the subject of they all as pretty as in The one in the Old from had on the table and skins on the door and last hunting all over the He was as a stallion choking on a lariat Though seemingly happy enough drinking raw red rum and making raw red likely based on traditional songs such as The Wild Ghost Riders in the Sky is a song that if not the has taken to its heart. We think of the cowboy as simply herding or sitting by his doing a fairly straightforward job. But there must have been some frightening the vagaries of the wild and the dark lonely nights when the shifting shadows conjured up images a man want to think wanted to be a so he drove across to to stake his claim. Once there he checked off on a map all of the towns he and his wife had driven through on their journey. Before he knew written a standard Route 66. Though originally recorded by the King that version so going to have to settle for Chuck Berry. Twitter Composer in 2001. Van snake grinning and looking like gripping a pineapple in the wrong place. What more could you A great You got it. Somehow melding and native musical elements into a cohesive theme to The The Bad and the Ugly is a original piece of music that once never their various incarnations counted 53 band members so but the original Flying Burrito Brothers lineup were among those who country rock. Check the album cover with Gram Parsons in his suit. class. And so is this song Sin City about climbing high above Las but getting nearer to than God. Redemption does not arrive in a green mohair suit. Unfortunately for the suit count for much there are no no stuck here. miss our train. Home exist any more. Only the spinning the blackjack the the the whores and the doors to the hotel rooms up in the clouds where room service has more than one meaning. This is the flash of the desert in sound and happily evocative of a new and singular giving the sense of soaring above it looking down and smiling sympathetically at human folly. This is Heaven or Las by the have we ended Environmental ecological breakdown. Anything of any value ripped out of the ground at any expense as long as there is profit to be made by people who have to live in the detritus and pollution. A farmer looks upon his land knowing he could prosper and feed his children as long as the corporations leave him be. This is My Prairie Fat how to join new theme will be announced at on 3 You have until on 7 to submit a reminder of some of the guidelines for you have a good theme or if like to volunteer to compile a from suggestions and write a about please email is a wealth of data on including the songs that are at the It also tells you the meaning of and other strange words used by regulars also congregate at the and 
Contribute have opened to voters after a climax to a campaign that could elect either the first female president of the United States or a celebrity billionaire who threatens to rewrite the rules of politics after midnight the traditional first election day ballot was cast in New as Lady Gaga in North and running mate Mike Pence in introduced competing a fumbled start that many will hope does not herald more serious voting irregularities to residents of delivered four votes for two for one for libertarian and a quirky for the 2012 Republican nominee Mitt US election voters head to polls as Trump and aim to make history live Read were cautiously optimistic of national victory after promise to build a wall against immigrants appeared instead to be bolstering electoral of early voting suggested the Republican candidate may have stirred a demographic giant by encouraging up to more voters than usual in states such as began election day with an average lead in national opinion polling of around three though polling suggested several possible paths to victory also remained for Trump among white nothing to and held afternoon rallies in on and appeared on stage together in with a songbook for is leading the polls the day before Not a clear or Read played Thunder ending with the lyric pulling out of here to and Long Walk a bleak hymn to a town that has lost its businesses but still its arms around the largest crowd of the Democratic in front of Independence slapped the lectern as he introduced this this this this our next president of the United States of former secretary of state implored have to bridge the divide in our as she began pivoting to what may be a key challenge if she does win. regret deeply how angry the tone of the campaign New sporting a stars and stripes bobble hat covered John Imagine in an impromptu acoustic show. Twitter supports with surprise New concert momentum continued as boarded her bound for North where she held the final rally of her campaign just after midnight. Accompanied by her was in visibly good spirits while chatting jovially with aides towards the front cabin. The singer who also performed in joined the flight. Even the longtime aide who left the trail amid renewed but ultimately unfounded controversy surrounding emails 10 days ago had returned. The revelry resembled a campaign aware it was on the brink of savoring every last moment after an exhausting 18 months. But Trump was voicing equal confidence he could pull off a surprise win that would send around the hoping to channel anger over jobs and trade into an election day upset without is our independence he told the audience in Grand Rapids. the working class is going to strike have one flawed candidate left to added reeling off his list of equally unexpected wins in the Republican primary. going to be the beginning of a new Trump camp went into the final day of the campaign needing an almost clean sweep of battleground states such as and North to win plus a series of shock wins in the rust belt that looked less and less sensing possible the campaign poured resources into the industrial a region where she struggled against a similar surge for Sanders during the primary election told supporters in the election was a choice division and unity between strong and steady leadership and a loose cannon who could put everything at Twitter Trump rallies supporters in final speech before polls to a packed crowd in a community college gymnasium in Trump outlined his closing message that election will decide whether we are ruled by a corrupt political class or by the presidential candidates planned to watch election returns in New prompting the city to stage the largest election day police deployment in its officials New police department was poised to station 5,000 uniformed including some with automatic weapons and explosives detection across and the 1,205 polling Department of Justice announced its civil rights division was deploying more than 500 voting monitors to 28 amid particular concern that changes to voting rules in some states such as North might deliberately affected rally in a crowd sitting in narrow bleachers looming from the gym floor was deafening at times. In addition to familiar chants like her and the Trump supporters shouted love you about their candidate and a about his who was repeatedly interrupted by raucous chants of called face of and face of failed foreign as he continued his attacks on familiar targets including Jay Z and as well as the media. The Republican nominee was heartened by the sound of the rowdy cheers in a state that was last won by a in a presidential election in and where has long maintained a narrow but consistent lead. is not the sound of a he declared from the by the time he appeared at the hastily scheduled rally in he was an hour and a half late and many started streaming towards the exits as the clock approached one in the this was not a sign of flagging support. of Grand Rapids said that he had seen the nominee the week before and compared him to a rock while a local furniture was there despite needing to get up a for work. He seemed to typify the ethos of the I was his campaign manager I would made his slogan the crisp blue skies forecast for much of the country on election began her last full day of campaigning with a personal one that highlights her historic opportunity to become the first female president in the US and a role model for a generation of young women. Twitter Lady Gaga and back at final campaign beneath the plane that has carried her through the closing months of a sometimes she stopped to show the scene to her granddaughter via her have worked as hard as I have over 18 months if I did not believe in my heart that we can do she later told supporters in have to accept a dark and divisive vision for Tomorrow you can vote for a is fear and anger in our added. anger is not a plan. We have got to start talking to each other continued Democratic over the late role of the and threat to refuse to an election result he claims may be it will be a tough battle for whoever stock markets rebounded in the wake of better national polls for Democrats feared the cloud cast by the could cost them control of Congress and prolong gridlock even if wins the White took her closing argument to four cities across three battleground states on dubbing the choice before voters as among the most consequential in modern core values are being tested in this said at a rally in Grand my faith in our future has never been in the day she implored thousands of mostly young who filled an outdoor park at the University of as hundreds more lined the to grasp why this election was person is temperamentally experientially unqualified to be have got to rise above all of this all of these insults and scapegoating and and Between rallies and flights took her pitch to the airwaves with a series of interviews in pursuit of undecided voters who might still be persuaded or those needing motivation to head to the polls. A conversation with radio host drew first reaction to the announcement by the a day earlier clearing her once more after reviewing a new batch of emails that may have been pertinent to her use of a private kept saying that I was I never expected them to do she said of controversial decision to cast renewed scrutiny over the investigation into her emails less than two weeks before the election. was just a little bit befuddled by the whole but behind us now and I think everybody should focus on what is best for our country and how going to meet the challenges we urged to focus on the big picture as he began his last day of warning that the election could be want you to tune out all the noise and I want you to focus because the choice you face when you step into the voting booth could not be Trump is temperamentally unfit to be he told a rally in over the weekend his campaign took away his Twitter account. if your closest advisers trust you to why should we trust you with the nuclear elections 
Trump be a doubts gnaw at Trump at dead of his hardcore supporters will not allow him to give up the dream of the White House. All 18 people interviewed by the Guardian at a Trump campaign rally in the battleground state of on night challenged the basic premise that he is losing. The are not good for the Republican nominee. As dominates opinion Trump has stopped major donor events for the Meanwhile his running mate Mike plane skidded off the runway at airport in New No one was hurt. be a supporters back him against the odds Twitter The Pence plane slides off runway at New and the first lady join deployed the star power of in North on laying out the stakes in the presidential election and then turning the stage over to the popular first lady. In a speech that switched between soaring rhetoric and playful said the choice facing voters was a moral one. she was hopelessness and a vision of a country that is weak and a country in where other citizens are a The first lady praised vision a nation that is powerful and vibrant and big enough to have a place for all of showers with praise at joint Twitter heaps praise on blurred lines campaign has seized on embarrassing revelations of blurred lines between the Foundation and the business interests revealed in emails dumped by The new disclosures detail the extent of what was dubbed by advisers who boasted of securing more than for the former president. In one warned that her father would be to hear that comparisons were being made between his activities and profit Latest dump ties Foundation to personal enrichment Dispatches episode the orgasm are less likely to orgasm than men but is it really more difficult for still ambiguity about what the female orgasm even let alone how to have one. In episode three of Vagina and go into the lab with a who measures orgasms. Twitter Vagina Dispatches episode the orgasm protest crackdown enforcement officials arrested 141 people in North after police surrounded deploying pepper spray and armored vehicles in order to clear hundreds of Native activists and supporters from land owned by an oil pipeline company. The move signals a new phase in police efforts to thwart an ongoing demonstration by hundreds of members of more than 90 Native tribes to prevent the construction of the controversial Access pipeline protesters pushed back from site after 141 the fearless Guardian is an independent voice in this US election. That means no bias or corporate owner influencing our coverage. But political reporting takes a lot of money and hard work to produce. If everyone who reads our coverage helps to pay for our future will be more secure. Support the Guardian with a monthly or a a Guardian supporter Make a weigh up effects of premium rises As the administration confirms that premiums for some health plans under the Affordable Care Act will increase by an average of next families like the Marshes are just grateful to have health writes Jerry a health insurance said wife current coverage would cost more a month next year because of the premium increases. can live with a if people went out having beers or spend that real Marsh told the will be more but for millions the rise can be mitigated new has launched the first new version of its Pro laptop in 18 with a new touchscreen on the keyboard capable of inserting into text. The new laptop is a key part of Mac computer but has stood stagnant in recent seeing only small specifications increases since 2012. The updates come at a time when Mac shipments have seen three straight quarters of launches new Pro laptop with Touch Bar for instant hacker sentenced to 18 the hacker who stole nude photos of female celebrities in including and has been sentenced to 18 months in federal officials announced on In a from pleaded guilty to federal hacking charges. Investigators found that had gained access to at least 50 Apple accounts and 72 many of which belonged to famous women. Hacker who stole nude photos of celebrities gets 18 months in two Toms the last of their must be some people who are desperate to see the third film to star Tom Hanks as a professor who saves the world by misinterpreting paintings. By the same some people must be counting the days until they can watch Tom Cruise breaking limbs again in Jack Never Go Back an subtitle for any sequel. But are these both released in really the most productive use of their asks Barber in his assessment of the last superstars still able to open a movie on their name and from golden boys to wasted case you missed it your favorite underrated We asked Hot Chase and more to reveal the records you really must hear and they came up with ... Tom of the Blossoms chooses Born To Be With You think a great pop grand and epic. got that Be My Baby lost albums loved by the stars from ecstatic gospel to US 
Every week a Guardian Money reader submits a and up to you to help him or her out a selection of the best answers will appear in next often go on holiday with another family we have two children while they have three. always halved the but now the kids are older is it reasonable to divide the expenditure given there are five of them and four of you have a problem readers could Email your suggestions to or write to us at The Kings 90 
was something endearingly old school about the jailbreak that brought to mind the robber who achieved notoriety in the by escaping from three high security prisons. Those of us who have watched too many episodes of Toughest Jails have grown used to the idea of the modern prison as a fortress where inmates go to rot until they die. Not so where two prisoners managed to recreate their own version of the Redemption by sawing through their bars and escaping to the street via a series of sheets that had been knotted together. The absence went unnoticed for many hours because they had placed mannequins in their beds to make it look as if they were still asleep. Quite where the prisoners got their files and mannequins from has not yet been made public. The most likely guess is that the files were hidden inside a cake brought in by a visitor and that the mannequins were borrowed from the fashion design rehabilitation a thought for who has been under the impression that the reason he was made a peer in 1996 was because John Major really enjoyed his musicals. has now declared his outrage at being expected to turn up in person from time to time to cast a vote in of the Conservatives and has said he is minded to become a so that he can hang on to his peerage and do nothing in return. In his first 18 years as a voted a debilitating 30 times. Since he has voted a further four three of them on the same when he was asked to fly back from New in a failed attempt to prevent the tax credit cut bill being sent back to the Commons. I remember thinking the noble lord looked especially on that day and now I know he was completely exhausted from being counted. Imagine the cheek of someone giving you a peerage and expecting something in because got sacked for sending around an email on saying it was a good day to bury bad it mean that government departments and other agencies still think a legitimate tactic. So just four of the stories that get the attention they would otherwise have had the media not had their eyes on the US presidential election. the publication of the report into significant failings by the Metropolitan police into the child sex abuse scandal got considerably less attention than it otherwise would. Then there was the announcement of further delays on the electrification of the Great Western railway four sections of the which is already years behind schedule and well over budget have now been indefinitely deferred. Next there was the extra the Ministry of has had to request from the Treasury after a publishing error in a departmental document. Finally it was revealed that of the 700 leads the government said it was following up on from the leaked Panama papers in only 22 people are being investigated. So much for cracking down on the tax years ago today my son was being born in the same St in that last week took care of my kidney stones. Like his sister before he spent the first few hours of his life in intensive care after a difficult birth so I have never taken his survival for granted. I would like to have been able to say that the experience made me value every day I have had with my children even but disappointed to admit that it just made me even more anxious and neurotic than I already was. While some fathers have grand thoughts about shaping the sort of world their children would go on to grow up my own were invariably more along the lines of really hope I screw this parenting business up because not at all sure if I know what the hell I still but somehow the baby has grown up to be a man who now needs me far less than I need him. probably much healthier for both of us that way I was listening to Mutter play the violin concerto earlier in the it occurred to me that if anyone wanted to take out a huge swath of the liberal metropolitan elite the Royal Festival Hall would be a good place to start. bet you could count on the fingers of one hand the number of Trump admirers on South Bank. As a fully member of the liberal metropolitan I am beginning to feel more and more under as for the life of me I cannot understand why white voters should believe that an orange billionaire had their back. But also another thing I quite get about US election how is it that so many of the press have been about the political establishment getting a good kicking while openly joking about Trump being Fair enough to hate the establishment but a narcissistic sociopath the answer to week If it be your 
It was a warm morning in and on a farm just north of Bell 46 runners gathered at the starting preparing to run one of the yet most of races. Called the Big Backyard the race required contestants to run a course that spanned 4.167 over trails etched out of the every hour. If you finished faster than an you got five or 10 minutes to rest or eat or go to the bathroom before the next round. If it took you longer than an you were out. The race would keep hour after blessed until there was only one runner left. The reason the Big Backyard had chosen 4.167 miles for his course is that if you ran 24 loops in 24 have gone exactly 100 miles. the reason named it Big Backyard Ultra was Big was the name of his and the farm on which the race was run in his Virtually all the runners had experience. had won a in just the month with a time of 23 hours 16 minutes 31 seconds. had placed third in a race in last One man told me he would soon be running from to Another said he was using this race as preparation for a coming race. I had come to watch an whom World had once described as At the age of has been running long races adventure treks and since his late He is not a very fast nor a very stylish but he has a skill much more important for the kind of race he an unusual ability to fight through pain and fatigue. He told me recently that the moment he craves is the moment when every fiber of his being screams need that moment when I is how he put it. When he first started did it as a form of penance was feeling badly about myself and wanted to punish he said. as he realized he was good at running long and even more extreme events became a way to test his limits to some build his celebrity. Five years running took on another role in his It helped keep him sane. runs long distances not only because he loves it but because it is one thing he can do that nobody can take away from him. To put it another running has saved his life. The first time I ever spoke to he was calling me from a telephone in a prison in This was in the spring of three years after the financial crisis. In the wake of that millions of people lost their homes during the they had taken on mortgages they ultimately afford. who had gotten caught up in the housing was in prison for mortgage fraud. At the I was writing columns in the business section of The New a number of which focused on the unwillingness of the Justice Department to hold accountable the top executives of the companies that had led the country over the like of Countrywide. And yet here was this smallest of small who had lost two houses during the sentenced to 21 months in jail for supposedly committing bank fraud. The more I looked into the sketchier the whole situation seemed. It had begun after an Internal Revenue Service agent watched a produced by about an expedition had a grueling run across the The agent started wondering how had time to earn a living with all the time he spent running. He opened an investigation it included Dumpster dives outside apartment that found nothing wrong with his taxes. But an undercover female assigned to befriend got him to brag about taking a couple of while she secretly had a tape recorder rolling. Liar loan is the term for loans in which people overstate their incomes to qualify for mortgages they probably have. Millions of people took out liar loans during the housing just as did. Thousands of brokers encouraged them to do just as broker did. And as it turns the evidence against was so thin that the jury found him innocent of providing false information to the bank even as it was convicting him of bank fraud. Go figure. The point I made in the column is that something wrong with a system that sends to prison and lets go free. It often happen this but something good came out of my It helped get a book contract. Two months the titled was published. The first quarter of it tells the harrowing story of as a young addict who resist either booze or who drives away people who love and who has a number of close calls during cocaine buys. And after a he runs to purge his guilt. first marathon takes place the morning after a cocaine binge. When he finally starts taking sobriety after the birth of his first running marathons becomes his focus. In in mistakenly enrolls in a not seeing the he thinks it is a There comes a point in the race when realizes that he actually craves the pain told me to go he writes. the welcome the use the transcend the He somehow finishes the and his career as a runner is born. For the next constantly tries to find ever more difficult challenges. He runs in around the globe. He runs the race that many consider the toughest in the world. The first time he runs he comes in eighth. He follows that with two and two finishes. With heat that can go as high as 130 degrees and cold as low as 30 it is his favorite race. In with cameras in runs across the with two other runners. Two years participates in a second running across with a renowned in his own right. race results in a between the two He has sponsors. He makes motivational speeches. And he dabbles in real estate buying and selling a dozen homes before the bubble bursts. After of it all falls apart. There any other runners in explains in but there was a small gravel track. A little at a began running on it. Others began to join mostly men who were out of shape and for whom he became an exercise coach as well. It long before running became his prison therapy. He got the nickname Running Man from his fellow inmates. But he also needed a goal something not just to occupy him but to motivate him. So he decided to run 135 the same length as and to do it on the same day in that was being held on the West Coast. Of course he had to prepare at one point the prison was in and he get outdoors to do the he had planned that day. So he ran the equivalent of 15 miles in place in his cell. And although it took him two days because he had to go back to his cell at night he pulled it running 81 miles the first day and 54 the next. officials too happy about recalled a former prison inmate who befriended and confirmed account of prison life. tried to bust it up by saying he was violating the rules by not wearing a said. calmly walked over to where his put it and then continued running. He has a lot of declined to comment on account of his running pursuits in even remember descriptions of that run the way other inmates sidled up to him to quietly root him his dealing with prison rules during the the sheer satisfaction and even joy he took from running 540 laps on a rutty track in a West prison are the highlight of The book ends with getting out of falling in love with a woman named whom he and preparing to run what Big Backyard Ultra is hardly but not chopped either. What makes it so difficult is partly that it has no definite end it might go 20 or it might go 40. in races of 75 or 100 runners can afford to have a bad during which they will down food and and try to regather themselves. In this a bad stretch means out of the race because you finish the loop in the allotted hour. who has organized a handful of other long races besides this particularly enjoyed the psychological dimension to Big Backyard Ultra. it gets down to a handful of it becomes a mental he said as he stroked his long gray beard and puffed on a cigarette. want to show pain. If you show the others will try to put you and Hatcher had driven from an the day before the race. I met them in a hotel where explained how being in prison had affected his life. vote. I own a he said. when I tried to rent a car to come I was turned He sometimes gets spooked when someone knocks on the door. Although gives him he has lost his paying sponsors. He and Hatcher have sometimes been turned down when tried to rent a place. and he makes monthly payments to Bank of for the the court says he owes in restitution. By the time I arrived at a little before the 7 and Hatcher had set up a table filled with food Fig liquid chocolate almond and supplies and among other Tents were scattered around the lawn as the runners approached the starting line. They stood behind an timing clock and began running when rang a cowbell. I could actually hear cows in the background. There were some people here who knew what had happened to five years but most They knew him as a runner one they all respected. an older durable and mentally He race plays to his once had a reputation for in the documentary the he is shown berating his fellow runners when they want to quit the run. But people told he was the friendliest and most helpful of runners. Weeks had helped prepare a young runner named who was hoping to break the record for the fastest run across Even while was at Big Backyard crew checked in daily to update him and ask advice. times during the first handful of loops were between 52 and 55 minutes. He wore earphones and listened to the novel as he ran. He was never but never last either. Between he would down some gulp some say a few words to other runners and take encouragement from his who was serving as his crew. By the ninth the field was down to 18 Hatcher speculated that the unseasonably warm day was taking a toll on the including thrill is he said to as he tried to replenish the calories he was losing. Then he went to the starting line for the 10th loop. By 7 the next morning by which time 100 miles had been run there were only four runners including and The younger two were running sometimes finishing laps in less than 50 minutes and looking as though they could go on forever. was hurting and seeing how easily they were running helping matters. got my he said with a wry smile. He been struggling for a while. I keep hoping something is going to On the 27th came in at 48 and who himself was starting to struggle followed at 52. was nowhere to be seen. Hatcher saw him in the woods with a minute and a half to go. He crossed the finish line 30 seconds before the 28th lap was to start. He turned to and not sure but I think he got Hatcher said. He had run 112.5 miles in 27 hours. won the race when dropped out one lap After he and Hatcher had returned to he sent me an email. was not a great race for he wrote. felt lethargic from the start. I know why. There is no real way to pinpoint exactly why I feel better or worse during any given event. part of the to keep going even when not performing at my One thing I had pressed him on was why he enjoyed a sport that seemed so far beyond what most humans would be willing to endure. had a hard time explaining beyond the idea that he liked to push through pain. in the he tried again. run solely to he wrote. run to explore other places and also to explore myself. Running is a mechanism that lets me focus on one task forward movement. like removing all the clutter in the closet in order to see the actual closet space. Running organizes there and helps me get rid of things I
Wall Street reacted positively to the election of Trump as the 45th US despite his victory sparking panic on global markets earlier in the day. But experts warned that the and economy faces a very uncertain future. how the markets looked at the close. The up to 18,590 points. The 500 up to 21,163. The up to 5,251. The biggest corporate winners were private prison oil companies and pharmaceutical companies. All of these sectors faced punishing regulations under a and will benefit from mission to loosen controls of On the currency the dollar hit its highest in nearly four months against the yen. It had fallen in overnight peso plunged before stabilizing at at 19.91 pesos to the Treasury yield rose above the highest level since Economists cut their forecasts for 2017 US growth by 0.5 percentage and warned of in the financial economist adviser warned that days as chair of the Federal Reserve are numbered. And the odds of the central bank increasing interest rates in have lengthened. The 100 fell upon opening on before recovering to end the day more than 60 points up. The 225 closed down and Hong Hang fell wrapping up for the but be back tomorrow tonight if things get The former chairman and of General Electric said opportunities are under a Trump presidency. You look at lower taxes. You look at job creation. We are stuck. We have been stuck in a economy for eight years. I mean stuck. Business a longtime told that he liked message the first but he is still concerned about the messenger. time I lurched forward in lose the messenger. do some wacky he said he hoped Trump would build a broad coalition of Republican talent in the White House. have grudges in this game. You need talent. We will win with the best he said. withdrew his support for following the revelations that the thought he could grope women with impunity because he was famous. Jack Republican message on Security and Supreme wrong must change nominee 2016 The economics editor says have gambled on promise that he can shift the the US out of its crisis torpor by cutting taxes and increasing spending even though they run the risk of higher inflation and a bigger budget deficit. Although Trump campaigned as an his policies have been tried before. said his tax cuts and extra spending for the Pentagon would generate higher revenues and balance the budget. It Tax breaks for the rich and military sent the deficit the time all Wall Street can see is higher growth and bigger corporate profits. why share prices have been going can read whole piece here. Trump will have to temper his global economists too much says chief economist Mickey Levy in a note to Trump will learn quickly that international affairs are very complex and he will quickly come to rely on the various government agencies and experts that understand and influence the approaches on international affairs. This will serve to soften some of his brash statements during the campaign. Levy said often outrageous campaign pledges to build a wall with and tear up global trade agreements with no material follow through or and wall will be built between and the China and are two of the largest trading partners. Neither wants to enter a trade war with the and neither can afford to do so. The US relies heavily on imports from those partners. Current concerns about major trade barriers being erected are over stated and not chief strategist Asset declared Trump friend of and warned that his protectionist streak poses the biggest threat to both world growth and financial His proposals to raise trade tariffs among other to levy a 45 per cent tax on imports are a worry. His denouncement of China as a currency manipulator could also invite retaliation from the second biggest economy. At a time when global trade appears to be experiencing a structural stance casts a shadow over the economic prospects. Lynch downgrades US 2017 bank has cut its forecasts for US growth by percentage points in both the first and second quarter of and warned of in the financial It Shaved from first and second quarter thereby lowering the annual number from to more cautious We expect 1 rather than 3 Fed rate hikes between now and the end of next year with the probability of a hike falling to the high level of uncertainty about the exact policy changes at this we are assuming that trade tensions and fiscal stimulus have offsetting impacts on growth in the medium a wide range of outcomes is the risks to the economy seem to be skewed more to the downside. economic advisers have accused the chair of the Federal of creating a by keeping interest rates artificially low to help President and his Democratic opponent has attacked throughout his campaign. In he said be ashamed of used to hope that the Fed was he said in an interview with the Fed is obviously not independent. obviously not even close to being hours after his only female economist told the FT that Trump wanted to a new chair of the Fed. She He has made it a very strong point of his campaign that he thinks that the Federal intervention and elongated accommodative monetary policy has created a false economy. People who have worked all their lives have been by these low has repeatedly for not raising interest rates fast enough. The market expected the Fed to raise rates in but election has ironically made a rate rise much less when it looked like was to secure the White House the probability of a rate hike was according to Group. Now it is Trump has repeatedly said he is unlikely to nominate to continue as Fed chief when her term expires in early 2018. He wants to replace her with a Republican who follows his economic Fed increased the benchmark federal funds rate to between in and has held there since due to various national and global uncertainties. US business has been speaking to Jack chief investment officer of Private Bank. was as surprised as many by victory and by the sanguine reaction of the US markets. I expected that at the least the markets would give up all the gains that they had made when it looked like was going to win. That said it is encouraging that people are seeing he believes that there are likely to be issues ahead. Among big gainers are pharmaceutical companies. Investors now believe will escape the price caps had proposed and benefit from pledge to cut regulation. But those companies do the majority of their business overseas. Trump has suggested building a wall around our borders and attitude on trade could build a figurative wall around US believes calm is unlikely to last and that inexperience in foreign and his comments on are likely to cause volatility in the weeks and years ahead. richest telecoms magnate is not quite as rich today. The 5th richest who is also a big donor to the Foundation and major New Times has lost in wake of victory according to Slim poorer thanks to Trump. Henry personal fortune fell by as much as as the peso plunged by before stabilizing at down. The central bank governor and finance minister were forced to reassure the nation that the finances are top 10 billionaires on the index lost a combined the wealthiest people lost has emailed all his calling on business leaders and government officials to listen to the disenfranchised working class voters who helped deliver Trump the election. He said they showed a desire for Here is the full text of his memo Dear are going through a period of profound political and economic change around the and citizens showed that deep desire for change in voting to elect Trump as the 45th President of the United States. We have heard through democratic processes in both and the United States the frustration that so many people have with the lack of economic opportunity and the challenges they face. We need to listen to those have just been through one of the most contentious elections in which can make it even harder to put our differences aside. But that makes it more important than ever to bind the wounds of our nation and to bring together from all walks of life. Recognizing that our diversity is a core strength of our we must all come together as fellow patriots to solve our most serious from across the private and nonprofit sectors need to collaborate to find meaningful solutions that create economic growth and greater opportunity for is best when we come together with clear expertise and the political will to take on difficult challenges and get things done. No one should ever doubt the strength and resilience of our country and our Chase has a proud history of supporting our communities and our countries. Through your outstanding we have built a great company that will continue to thrive as we continue to focus on helping to serve our clients and communities. We will also continue to help address the important public policy issues of the day and the underlying economic challenges throughout the optimistic about future and the role our company will continue to play as we help the nation address our challenges and move forward together. Photo This is in the New taking over from As Wall Street pulls off a surprising surge despite 370 prominent economists warning that a Trump presidency would be for the national and the world take a look at who the biggest financial winners are. biggest corporate winners from Trump's victory. Private prisons and oil companies prison operator Corrections of surged by as much as in early trading before settling back at a increase. Rival operator Group was also up The companies are soaring as analysts reckon that Trump will row back on the Department of ruling this summer to phase out privately run jails. The companies could benefit still further from plan for the mass deportation of immigrants. Analysts at Height Securities Private prisons would likely be a clear winner under as his administration will likely rescind the contract and ICE and Customs capacity to house detainees will come under further companies are benefiting from pledge to make tear up red tape and allow oil and gas exploration in new areas. He has also vowed withdraw the US from the climate and wants to end the and billion and given to climate and clean energy companies are also as had pledged to bring in controls to prevent pharmaceutical companies from hiking the price of drugs following recent scandals. Shares in the largest drug are up never much room for sentiment in the financial over on Wall the 500 index had hit its highest level in a month just as was giving her first speech since the index has now gained since trading touching levels last seen in early breaks 2 month downtrend shocker. US index hits 4 week index has also popped up on the one thing does better than any other transfers of called for Democrats to accept the saying they should give Trump an open mind and the chance to lead. Our main US election has the Trump wins US says glass ceiling will be broken live Read more How the 100 tumbled then bounced back After a wild stock markets have ended the day with solid the 100 index of shares closed higher at quite a given the index plunged by at the start of the trading day as victory was The close of the markets today Wall Street is betting that the prospect of reforming gun laws faded last sending shares of the two largest gun companies sliding by election effectively puts an end to the gun control legislation proposed by Democrats. Under gun companies have enjoyed record breaking sales and share price growth driven by fears that he would tighten rules on sales following a series of mass shares were down and shares of were down in early morning stocks dive as Trump victory eases gun control fears Read more US stocks are moving pushing the industrial average up by 100 or much for the Trump infrastructure providers and banking stocks are leading the way reasons explained of trading firm says investors have digested the election result with impressive speed. But the implications of the result simply known yet. The narrative seems to be that presidential promises during his victory speech have reassured allowing for the remarkable recovery seen this afternoon. The market may also be correcting the intensely negative gut reaction it had to the much as it did in the aftermath of the Simply it is too early to tell what exactly President Trump has in something that may make for a rocky rest of even if today has confounded expectations The top risers on the today The top fallers on the today The US dollar has now risen since Wall Street reversing its overnight analysts are arguing that victory rule out a hike in US interest rates in if he does cut boost infrastructure spending and impose trade then inflation would rise and the Fed might raise borrowing costs faster than currently anticipated in 2017 and 2018. That makes the dollar a more attractive Surges Most Since After Trump Election Surprise via 2016
We may as well call this what it a nothing else comes close to capturing the political revolt and the chaos that surely follows from stunning victory in were all wrong. So badly wrong. The the the press. The the the business leaders. victory makes the upset of look like a quaint tiff over a round of Trump wins presidential plunging US into uncertain future Read and its relationship to the world has fundamentally changed overnight. An era that stretches back to Franklin D just came to an abrupt and ugly end. Instead of being an globalist the United States has definitively turned shutting its borders to and any number of other perceived enemies of demagogic the same itself has been redefined. The bond between its president and its constitution will be if Trump pursues a fraction of what he so clearly promised through this extraordinary political enemies notably can expect prosecution led by an that previously found no grounds for legal action over her private email server. The Trump Department of Justice will seek prison time for and the only barrier to this punishment is the third and independent branch of the promised a deportation force to round up hundreds of if not of undocumented immigrants starting on his inauguration day in His transition to government will surely be dominated by plans to rip through the communities of largest cities. There will be no judicial restraint in these immigration the political we can expect massive economic dislocation. The financial markets will now be calculating the price of uncertainty in global trade flows as they contemplate promises to impose huge tariffs on restrict international investment by US and force an epic diplomatic breach with over his beloved victory ushers in the most tumultuous period of history since the Great Depression and the start of world war two. It will challenge the core concepts of identity and global security as we have known them for has moved from perennial rival to trusted while future is in peril. Allies can now expect to pay for their security as the US military effectively turns into a mercenary force. Many countries may find cheaper options and break with the US assurances of the delicate balance of power and deterrence may well shift decisively in the Middle East and Far East. We can expect a rush to nuclear proliferation as quickly as one major country or Japan decides to move ahead with an independent nuclear this kind of independence is a good thing. For anyone who grew up during the cold the threat of nuclear annihilation is a distant memory of what was once an ever present nightmare. For those born as the cold war came to an the fear of global destruction will be a new and the political establishment in needs to figure out quickly how to respond to this revolution. Republican leaders who shunned Trump will now stampede to his but they are unlikely to be forgiven by a man who harbors long and deep grudges. Democrats will be tempted to indulge in politics that reflect his populist attacks on foreign diverse communities and personal reactions will be monumental mistakes. The Trump administration needs to be challenged at every turn if Congress is to maintain its independence as a check and balance on executive Trump is moving to the White and liberals put him there Frank Read need to hold true to their principles of inclusion and diversity as an alternative to a presidency that will dominate the public discourse with need to decide if their future lies with the white voters who handed power to or the diverse voters who inexplicably failed to turn out to decide their own future. Those older voters have shaped the but the younger voters will surely shape the rarely end where they begin. They unleash forces that have been hidden or ignored for and perhaps decades. They tear apart families and civil society and private commerce. In a huge and complex this revolution may have unequal leading to open conflict in some areas and little more than a shoulder shrug in over the Trump revolution will be felt in every as the tax base is decimated by a and the deficit balloons out of control. There is no escape from an economic policy that will bankrupt the largest in the hands of a businessman with plenty of experience of no no intellectual curiosity and a vengeful the Trump White House will make the years seem like the paragon of virtue they never years as the first newspapers landed in the early hours of the the New Times proclaimed that was elected the 44th president of the United words seemed so stunningly after so many years of terrorism and wars. Voters had just elected the first president and his name still sounded like an unelectable of two of greatest enemies of the Bush has managed to conjure up a combination of words that is even more elections 
Are you looking to grow your According to a recent of small business owners said that growing a business was harder than starting one. The latest figures from the Federation of Small Business found that small business confidence is in decline for the first time since 2012 feel the domestic economy is the biggest barrier to growth. Business growth can allow you to launch new recruit more and try out new marketing strategies. But grow too fast and you risk the into or buckling under the pressure. Grow too slow and success can forever feel just out of reach. So how do you ensure your business grows in a sustainable During this live discuss the secrets of a growth that including how to manage your recruit the right people at the right develop working relationships that grow with export to new markets and your questions to our experts from on 16 part is just register to comment. Once signed you can post your questions in the comments thread below this article. tweet with your or email them to and we will put them to the panel for you. Comments are currently open and we welcome questions in opened her first natural Planet in 1995 and now has seven stores in with the chain as the largest certified organic supermarket. of the furniture brand that the industry through offering great designs at affordable prices. Founded in now operates in six countries in and is still growing by per managing director of His broad experience spans telecoms and and passionate about helping businesses grow by selling more to their customers in and on the move. founder of the Bright Ideas which encourages entrepreneurs to start ventures by giving them access to mentors and advisors. He was awarded an for enterprise in of a subscription business. The business started four years ago and already sends more than 100,000 boxes every founder of Property and the Property Hub. The investment company started as a and now has a community of 11,000 members. author of the new book Built to How to Deliver Sustained and Profitable Business Growth. business growth investor and author of Big Strategies to Substantially Grow your Business up to become a member of the Guardian Small Business Network here for more insight and best practice direct to your business 
Another giant of music has gone and his fans are in were hints that would not live much but in a year that has already taken away Bowie and his death announced via a post on still came as a is with profound sorrow we report that legendary songwriter and has passed away. We have lost one of most revered and prolific the post obituary Read was soon awash in tributes from poets and public figures mourning the loss of a musical giant. The prime sent out two first in and then in other music felt or sounded like Yet his work resonated across wrote. and the world will miss then quoted from one of Hallelujah which took the artist five years to write and has been covered by hundreds of artists most a blaze of every doesn't matter which you holy or the broken across all from to pop to tweeted out their including Peter Hook from Joy Division and New Lily and magical voice wrote has died. Another magical voice folds Take a moment to listen to song Going Home when you can. RIP L and thank Hook God bless. you rebirth my King alluded to his own death in a recent and interview with New Yorker editor in which he talked about his unfinished poems and big change is the proximity to he says. am a tidy kind of guy. I like to tie up the strings if I can. If I But my natural thrust is to finish things that dies aged 82 Read think be able to finish those he continued. who And maybe get a second I know. But I dare attach myself to a spiritual strategy. I dare do that. got some work to do. Take care of business. I am ready to die. I hope not too uncomfortable. about it for New Yorker has published the audio of that interview of the week could get any worse. Thank you for all the things. Rest In RIP of the biggest artist count among their influences. He was a songwriting peer and friend of Bob who told the New people talk about they fail to mention his which to along with his are his greatest genius ... As far as I no one else comes close to this in modern bunked off school to go and see tributes to Read in this month at a session for his most recent You Want It returned the speaking of recent Prize is like pinning a medal on Mount Everest for being the highest was also affected by the writing of in from the album In he me so I can sigh an interview with in the year after revealed the band had attended a performance of his in in 1993. sorry I have spoken to the young he said. are always and I might have been able to lay something on him. Or maybe was also a poet and whose 1966 novel Beautiful Losers was praised by the Globe upon is not dead. He is living in under the name of The thoughts are with the and fans of cherished artist for the Guardian in said the poet deserved as much appreciation as the would still be highly thought of if never written a song in his life but had stuck to writing his tender he wrote. musical career acquired many of his collections were either compilations of earlier poems or collections of lyrics. the writing elevates into that rare pantheon where a lyrics are actually first released in contained classic songs including Sisters of Mercy and So written for his muse and lover who died in this year. Before she wrote an which has since gone viral. come to this time when we are really so old and our bodies are falling apart and I think I will follow you very the email read. that I am so close behind you that if you stretch out your I think you can reach mine ... Goodbye old friend. Endless see you down the life and career in pictures Read was appointed Companion of the Order of in 2002 the highest In a statement at the the general praised him as a whose popularity confirms his status as a ... venerated dean of the pop culture wrote in a in his insight and crippling was a true visionary whose voice will be sorely missed. I was blessed to call him a and for me to serve that bold artistic spirit was a privilege and great gift. He leaves behind a legacy of work that will bring inspiration and healing for generations to too were mourning the including who quoted from song Everybody the creator of hit musical tweeted lyrics from knows that the boat is leaking Everybody knows that the captain when he knew for drowning men could see said all men will be sailors the sea shall free pointed out the auspicious timing of in the same week the United States surprised many by electing got out just in said and comedian comedian and actor Mark had a similar knew when to leave a is elected and dies. knew when to leave a party. He got out just in Ugh. It feels this death. It's making us remember songs like Come Healing which is a good one for these hope last word was tributes paid to legendary latest Read think this week could get any wrote actor Molly Rob experienced the loss of many but never have I seen so many works quoted in their thanked him for quiet the the the wry smiles and the and burlesque model and entrepreneur said he had most sensual male voice of all experienced the loss of many legends but never have I seen so many of their works quoted in their passing. 2016 Sad to hear we've lost the great poet I was such a huge fan. He had the most sensual male voice of all time. photo posted by on 2016 at thanks for the quiet the the the wry smiles and the truth artist who opened for during a 2010 posted a photo of her meeting of my she so sad to hear about One of my heroes. 14 2016 the of this article was amended. A previous version incorrectly said died a day after and 
The Serious Fraud Office inquiry into engineering giant was expanded earlier this year over suspicions the company was involved in bribery in new documents have filed at the high court in show how the investigation into took a fresh turn in March when investigators arrested a man at a led the to begin looking at a oil and gas which is accused of paying bribes on behalf of dozens of multinational including to help them win documents reveal the investigation into in sparked by suspicions it had acted corruptly on behalf of over its business dealings in since new documents have been filed as part of a legal dispute between the and A court hearing into the dispute is due to start on its describes how a businessman working for its firm was arrested at a airport in to the the at this time opened its criminal investigation into which the agency alleges was involved in fraud and and does not conduct legitimate lawful middlemen may have used bribes to land major contracts Read has flatly denied the corruption adding that some of the information that formed the basis of the allegations against it been gathered as a result of criminal activity including to the court the two worth and found on the arrested man appear to have been from and had been made payable to a company that was believed by the to be owned by a suspected its the claims emails were found that a strong suspicion of an ongoing corrupt involving argues that the were dated 2013 and 2014 and had expired without being cashed and could not have been evidence of any past or ongoing The counters that the could still be cashed for up to six to the the cited the when it asked police in to raid headquarters the following day. The headquarters were raided on 29 the following journalists at drawing on a leak of thousands of alleged that the firm had systematically corrupted the global oil distributing millions of dollars of bribes on behalf of and other multinationals which were seeking to secure contracts. At the high court hearing next its and his two and are challenging the legality of the raid on their claiming that the wide fishing amounted to an unlawful misuse of the powers. They are asking for damages for violations of their human rights. They are also asking for large quantity of important business seized in the raid to be returned to and the copies held by the to be as they say they are unable to carry on their normal business. However the has refused to give them access to the arguing that it is that conducts any legitimate lawful seized more than 60 of data from the firm 30 times the size of data leaked from the law firm that comprised the Panama the investigation is so important to the Read is contesting the legal arguing that their actions were legal and that the executives are attempting to and disrupt an ongoing criminal investigation into serious fraud and began to investigate in 2012 over allegations that a network of its agents made illicit payments to land large contracts around the month a joint investigation reported that part of this investigation was into allegations had hired to help it secure contracts in at least five different including and said it was fully with the investigations and cannot comment in If you would like to pass on any confidential you can send a message via the service how 
The presidential race was not far from the minds of executives from biggest brands and advertising agencies last month in at the annual conference held by the Association of National Advertisers. The industry leaders had traveled from cities like New and and any political conversation seemed to be premised on the assumption that would win. There was some talk about how to best market to J. supporters after 8 and debate about what a potential Trump media organization might look like. Many were aghast that the race was close at criticizing aspects of branding and messaging for holding her back in what they thought should have a for voters. So when Trump won the election last an industry that prides itself on always knowing what motivates and excites the public was in a state of shock. Marketers now find themselves asking serious questions about how they study use data and quantify the value of facts questions about the fundamental nature of their business. like many have found ourselves in bubbles of our own said chief strategist for the the chief executive of the digital agency said the disconnect between win and the predictions from polls and forecasters threw into question rules of market traditionally rooted in interviews and discussions with focus groups in controlled settings. That information should now be supplemented with on and other parts of the and behavioral data including what people are searching for said Ms. whose agency has worked with brands like Mayer and a she said. data set is not going to give you the full because with what people say is not always what they think or what they whether intentional or At the same advertisers are prepared for a new period of any customer whether it has been gathered internally or supplied by the brands they work with. Some of that is rooted in recognizing the nature of the world they experienced on and Twitter during the election. a world of social and filtered we are not getting enough signals that we might be said. marketers must actually look for evidence and actually search out why they may not be Rob chief executive of New going to be scrutiny on data and a big demand from clients and what do we really been to to understand what consuming in and is it the same in And just Some marketers have been left wondering if facts and reason matter less than they expected a counterintuitive discovery in the age of information. the chief executive of North and a former marketing said the election showed are somewhat Ms. spent some time working with campaign last a rumor confirmed last month when an email she wrote about the importance of logo was disclosed by are sort might take them or I might she said. certainly discretionary so there is that notion as a marketer and advertiser of understanding we live in a remarked that brings people reason probably had a candidate who was more experienced and probably had a better than anyone to be president of the United States defeated by a candidate with a who is least likely to be president of the United he said. spoke to reason and the other spoke to said he saw that reflected in how Trump was able to fashion himself as the protagonist of a and appealing to those looking for an to the he said. It was akin to what Sanders offered he said. story of taking on big was more compelling at this point in history than the story going to keep this thing going and make it incrementally and the story of he said. the story of experience can be really soothing for people and really be the thing that captures imaginations. The narrative and the Trump narrative is the Some see a broader lesson in the rejection of experience by the electorate. the chief executive of the public relations company said use of Twitter which he often used to forcefully attack and the news media and reduced reliance on traditional ads showed the power of communication. more effective messaging might be from the mass population as opposed to using celebrities and using media and he said. Ms. said on that she was eager for people to back into being especially after level of that took a reference to the often ugly nature of the campaign. She anticipates more ads highlighting values like the importance of diversity as the nation works to find common ground. can shape so I think in that sense brands have a responsibility to represent their values and talk about Ms. said. if an inclusive brand nothing more democratic to me than
Tony former editor has a nickname for him. was how put it in the New director faces fury for cryptic letter about email inquiry Read there have been many behind the rise and rampage of Trump. included the Republican with its years of divisiveness and racially charged the with its collective chase of the next shiny and the baby feeling the cultural and economic ground give it was who sparked this strange political creature into life. As the ghostwriter of bestselling 1987 book The Art of the he did more than anyone to create the public persona. In it he translated coarse ramblings into charming straight talk and came up with the phrase which captures brilliantly an approach to business and politics in which everything is the the most beautiful. helped give Trump the sweet smell of success now seemingly irresistible to millions of people clinging to the been he says. the nearly 30 years after the book was the main thing I felt I want to be as far away from this man as I but I feel I created because he was a real estate developer and reality television star. Who It that consequential to the building on the foundation of The Art of the Trump spent a decade hosting the reality show The reinforcing his image as a preternatural businessman with the power to say blurring the boundaries between reality and reality just as he would throughout the presidential Many supporters say they trust him to run like a the business of is business. It was no coincidence that he launched his presidential campaign at Trump a marbled cathedral of capitalism in He is a man who is a chameleon and have any core beliefs beyond his own and simply think that much about it until he decided to run for president and it became clear that this going to just fade that he was actually in a position to win the nomination. when I my contributed to creating the public image of the man who is and people he were writing The Art of the Deal call it told the in an interview that broke decades of silence on the matter. certainly felt a kind of moral imperative to step in and say what I knew about a man I considered to be so and I am very relieved that I Trump he observed was vulgar and a narcissistic liar with a short attention no appetite for reading books and an business record. A Trump presidency he lead to martial the end of press freedom and the risk of nuclear dangerous. Worse than I imagined when he began to run. Unthinkable. Horrifying. way more out of control in the last couple of months than ever seen him. He have any core beliefs beyond his own and Twitter Tony with photographer and Trump at the book party for The Art of the Deal at Trump in 1987. fell into writing the book almost by accident. A liberal journalist in he wrote a scathing magazine article on only to receive a note from the ever greedy for saying he liked it. When went to interview him for Trump said he wanted to write an even though he was only 38. suggested instead a book called The Art of the Deal. Trump agreed and said he should write Series trumps presidential election in two cities Read a high mortgage and a second child on the needed the money. He struck his own a joint half of the advance and half the royalties. It paid off in financial if not spiritual The Art of the Deal sold more than a million copies and spent 13 weeks atop the New Times bestseller at the felt he was selling but to say he feels regret alone would be too simple. spent a long time thinking about why I did he muses. the only choice I made that not proud of in my life. a complicated question to say whether I would do it differently today and if I knew everything I know about what would happen to of course I do it. the complexity is that the experience of writing that book was so in a negative that it led me to change my life dramatically and move from a focus on being successful and earning more money to really exploring what a meaningful life looks quit journalism and set up a consulting The Energy which aims to boost productivity with healthier workplaces. spent 30 years doing stuff proud that not sure I would have gotten to if I written that book. It gave me such a profound experience of the wrongness the direction of my life was taking. So does good things and bad things over the course of a life if you get to the age I am and feel good about the life hard to I wish done this differently or that Maybe I have landed where I delivered an address to the Oxford Union in the last with the title the belly of the how Trump led me on the path to He are the consequences of the choices you make that you to but can little imagine potentially huge remains to be seen who else will find a moment of after election day on 8 Probably not the facing bitter infighting after hostile takeover. It will also be a time for the media to look at itself closely. Last the Republican candidate Bush told press playing you guys like a fiddle by saying outrageous things and garnering chairman of network may not be good for but damn good for By March Trump was already estimated to have earned of media attention. There will be hard questions over the thousands of hours of airtime he has been given and whether his bigotry should have been called out rather than and mainstreamed. I was a reporter for many years. driven by the story To write about policies just as has often been in thrall to newspapers have shown their mettle with a series of investigations and exposures. The New Times obtained records showing the billionaire may not have paid tax for 18 years. Then the Post revealed a 2005 video in which Trump bragged about groping women says he did not witness in 18 months shadowing This opened the floodgates for a dozen women to come forward with allegations of sexual assault or unwanted think my journey has a parallel in the journey of the media over the past six to 12 months. Along comes something that seems pretty damn a guy who attracts huge ratings and you know that people are going to read your story if you write about him. Twitter Trump gleefully responds to new probe into think the best people in the media have come to see that hate without considering the consequences of giving him that much attention turns out to have potentially really takes center stage in presidential race about men's sex lives Read this most astounding of all nothing will be quite the same he believes. going to change the media because no way not to go through a period of true for the for for the culture of this country and for the whole issue of Assuming it ends without Trump being we have to use this as an opportunity to question a lot of assumptions that vast numbers of people had accepted and he has proved are not Trump does lose the as opinion polls strongly there will tremendous relief for is an inflection point and if as soundly rejected as it looks like he will be quite a for to It will suggest the forces of progress and evolution hurled away the forces of hatred and how would whose entire personal mythology is based on winning with react to the devastating knows it be pretty. can tell terrified and angry about it and bewildered by it. hard to predict exactly how going to respond. It be in a healthy a chance going to do everything he can to blame this on someone other than himself. To insist a rigged election and to try to the angry people who are his base to do something violent and which he can then blame on the next administration. very elections 
It the medical diagnosis that caused F mental breakdown. It was moment the doctors told him he was going to be about an hour of solitary wrote the novelist in began to realize that for two years my life had been a drawing on resources that I did not that I had been mortgaging myself physically and spiritually up to the the day of the judgment on the progressive part of could be forgiven if it succumbed to a will 100,000 racists and xenophobes to intimidate the the justices will probably ignore them and uphold the verdict. But it is beginning to feel as if liberal democracy in on resources it does not the a succession of has over the past two years begun to drain progressive politics of its resilience. globalists and believers in the virtues of science over are still winning elections. But the effort is going to exhaust us unless we become more whether he wins or candidacy by sidelining the respectable right and creating a mass movement based on hate has eroded democracy to a new and fragile baseline. All the right needs to do in 2020 is to find a more respectable candidate until unleash a resistance struggle against the legitimacy of her supreme court appointments and any Democratic majority in Congress that important to understand the new that has begun between revolt and the revolt being planned by Virtually nobody in mainstream politics a decade ago used the term working Now common to hear even presenters parrot the as if the separation between white and populations in towns were an accomplished not a the my pride in taking citizenship is fading Read since the and with the tabloids ramping up their attack on the people have been what do owner of the Daily and What would make them answer they want ruled by a xenophobic controlled by them. The policies are secondary as long as their legal offshore facilities are maintained. They also want a party they can control and a party they can pursuit of they have created what the sociologist calls a You create a constituency of angry assembled around using language no respectable politician could and you switch them or against the government of the day as long as that government does your facile to call Trump and They are economic nationalists who have each stumbled upon the fact that a minority of people can be fooled by populism especially when the left refuses to play the populist game. And they are moving forward we need to catch up. is no longer about leave versus still less versus the rest. should include everybody who wants this country to be run by with the judiciary guaranteeing the rule of to remain engaged with the global institutions and be tolerant to migrants and foreign first thing we have to make is a rhetorical break with the doctrine of financial asset bubbles and technocratic hubris. It is entirely possible to construct a humane version of capitalism without these have to be a bunch of apologies and confessions. You could assuage a large part of the anger driving the simply by a demonstrable change of pump money into communities and hope will follow. get on to the case of the and off the backs of and Trump really Read next thing is to do something radical about the inequality of voice in media. Enact Ask companies such as Airways why they are distributing the Mail for as a kind of to card for visitors. People with resources should set up even acquire through hostile takeover newspapers that champion democratic tolerance and restraint. Plus we need to challenge supine editorial leadership of the There are no minutes of a meeting where the bosses decided to give free rein to hate speech and intimidation on such as Question no instructions exist that say reporters should run unchallenged with back to back. But this is happening. It would take one email from the director Tony to stop philosopher wrote in the that the success of the radical right was by the failure of the radical left. took it as read that the business class would either or flip over fascism once the demagogues had created a street movement and an atmosphere of the vast majority of business professionals and educated people operate in a world regulated to global where markets depend on freedom and the rule of law. it is the failure of the radical the problem. It like after his famous to recharge its leads 100,000 people to intimidate the supreme I intend to be on the other side of a police crash barrier opposing him. I want to be flanked by only my mates from 30 years I want to see an alliance of the left and the radical on the streets. That means bond traders from Canary arm in arm with Trots. radicals alongside posters. Eighty years on from Cable we have many dockers and miners to help face down intimidation. Puny as we up to 
Read our game report Series Game Cubs crush to set up historic decider Read the Cubs have defeated the in Game which means we have one more precious game of baseball left. I guess this series was always meant to go to seven games. What this game lacked in it seemed to be all but finished after the grand it felt way more tense than any six run game should ever be. I guess it comes down to how high the stakes are for both any case that will end but stay tuned here at the Guardian for continued coverage as the World Series comes to a close. I want to thank everybody for following along with us particular everybody who contributed emails and tweets sorry I fit all of them The Cubs have forced a Game 7 in the World Cubs 9-3 takes to second on defensive indifference as takes a strike. 0-1. On 0-1 he pops up. handles the pop up to end the inning. Cubs 9-3 bottom okay. Two on first. Wood on the mound. is at the plate. Cubs 9-3 bottom loses who takes first base. Why did lose faith in this guy Speak of the here comes to relieve him. Cubs 9-3 bottom down. is at the plate. first pitch is allowing Guyer to move up to 2nd that this really matters in this On a 1-2 he hits a line drive single that scores Guyer HE GETS THROWN OUT AT SECOND FOR THE SECOND Cubs 9-2 bottom hits a hanging slider but it quite get out of the ballpark. Instead of a 2 run home run the first out of the inning. Cubs 9-2 bottom at first with nobody out and the new pitcher is.. Strop. Cubs 9-2 bottom exactly sure why is still out here but whatever. The best move here would be to make him throw as many pitches as at bat here and apparently listening to me as he gets himself into a 3-1 count. next pitch is outside and that will do it for and had him on a short leash. of inches. 2016 Cubs 9-2 top takes a grounds out and gets out of the inning but all but over for them. Cubs 9-2 top 9th This ball is about to go places. Today gets Fowler to ground out. one down. flies out deep. hits a single and then hits a home run to completely ice this game. Cubs 7-2 top gets Fowler to ground out. one down. Around the Thanks for amazing coverage of games. Watching from open and almost as exciting as from here in to for with Cricket here shaded at just under 9,600 2016 Cubs 7-2 bottom a phrase that just will always sound strange. falls behind him 2-1. fouls his next fastball off. 2-2. And he grounds into a double play turned nicely by and And that for the eighth. The Cubs are three outs away from forcing a Game 7. Cubs 7-2 bottom hits a sharp single that gets the Progressive Field desperate to cheer for roaring. Cubs 7-2 bottom back out apparently fine. He also only threw two pitches last inning so be at a relatively low pitch count here. He gets to swing and miss at a 100.8 mph fastball. Martin Following the live feed from 9,300 2016 Cubs 7-2 top bases are cleared for After struggling with command with the first two strikes him out looking to end the inning. Cubs 7-2 top looks like is staying in he game despite an apparently leg injury. Mike is pitching for He walks and then immediately falls behind 2-0. grounds into a double play. No no foul. Email from Rob you were wrong on all counts about game six. is playing from behind this whole game. I would like to know where you get this information about your predictions. You need to go back to your day job what ever that if I could predict games with any amount of regularity I would be out there wagering rather than writing baseball commentary. Email from Thanks for this coverage if my Cubs. Sitting here in most network live streaming is off limits. This Guardian coverage is really helpful. GO in from Cubs 7-2 bottom attempts to beat out a ground and is in fact called safe at first base although it looks like definitely of inches. confirms which is good news for the Cubs as it ends he inning. The bad news for the Cubs is that it looks like might have hurt himself on the play. Cubs 7-2 bottom hits a single off of is going to In the In a five run I get this. Cubs 7-2 bottom I blinked and missed lining out to start the inning. is on first with one out. Make that two flies out to center field. Cubs 7-2 bottom walks to start the bottom of the 7th. And is is that warming in the Cubs fans around the in here. 4,054 according to Go Wearing Blue here in Following the live feed from Cubs 7-2 top grounds out and seventh inning stretch time. Cubs 7-2 top lines out to Guyer in left. out number two. Quick note on Martin in following but i should point out that is closer to than if you go the right way 2016 Cubs 7-2 top falls behind 2-0. Not what you want to do with runners on and no outs. fouls the next ball out and then pops up into right field for the first out. Cubs 7-2 top works a full you have to give credit to these Cubs their plate approach has been beyond phenomenal today. He hits a foul liner. Still 3-2. He finally wins the battle between pitcher and hitter by hitting a line drive single. Two on and one out here. The Cubs threaten again.. Cubs 7-2 top stays in the game to play left. is still pitching for starts the inning off by hitting a line driver single Cubs 7-2 bottom comes in to replace in to for Crisp. Guyer hits into a choice that he nearly beats but nearly enough. Email from Listening to the game here in New We are even further away than nobody tell you that Cubs fans everywhere. Ed presuming the Cubs get through this and take us to game the are planning to have pitch on short rest. They be confident after performance on three days rest can think they would be too two very different pitchers. Cubs 7-2 bottom up here. approaching 100 meaning that this much closer to seeing the Cubs bullpen. He also works a full count perhaps a sign that tiring. fouls the next pitch off and then takes ball four. And just like that comes out to get him. We have the first Cubs pitching change of the game. Cubs 7-2 bottom working a full count before flying out to two down. Cubs 7-2 bottom is back out there for the sixth to face who he strikes out. ninth strikeout of the which feels strange because it feel like been all that dominant today. Cubs 7-2 top yr commentary has me thinking u r part of World Series 2016 Game not an fan by any but I have a soft spot for manager Terry Speaking brings into the game and he promptly gets Fowler to fly out to end the inning. Cubs 7-2 top falls behind in the 0-2 count and then lunges at a pitch just outside the plate that he hits for an infield that will be the end for the this Cubs 7-2 top easily the best name on either relieves He gets to strike out swinging and then gets to fly out. Email from not surprised M. trying to get him 5 innings for the but I would have him on a very short would hope like heck that a manager be trying to get his starter a W during a potential elimination game in the World Series. I think more likely that with a 7-2 lead he want to waste many relievers here. Cubs 7-2 bottom grounds out to end the but the just lying down tonight. going to fight through this. Cubs 7-2 bottom falls behind 3-0 before finally throwing a strike. He tries to throw another strike which he does. Unfortunately for a strike because hits it for a home run. Cubs 7-1 bottom up he pops one up a mile high. It lands in glove for the second out of the inning. Cubs 7-1 bottom is still in the which is mildly surprising to me. He picks up his 8th strikeout by getting out. Email from Mark Every will remember the slam but at bat tonight as been exceptional. Cubs 7-1 top who guessing will be the leading candidate for player of the game should the Cubs not collapse is up next. strikes him out this time around to end the good relief appearance from but a shame it might not amount to much here. Cubs 7-1 top strikes out swinging. Two down in the from loves line by line on the edge of my seat waiting to find out the result of last hit whilst pretending to work Cubs 7-1 top the wild gets a strike call on the next pitch to fouls off the next ball. On the next hits a foul ball that is able to wrangle in a nifty play for the first out of the inning. Cubs 7-1 top first pitch to gets away from the wild pitch allows to take second. Cubs 7-1 top is back up again. hits a base hit just out of the reach of at short. The Cubs have their man aboard. Email from loves GO my lucky Cubs cap purchased at Field 6 weeks ago ... seems to be working Email from on the topic of lucky Hi smell of old baseball is I have a question about Rob lucky Cubs perhaps he could maybe he wore it the in 2004 to help the Red More pertinently if it is from the last time the Cubs won a World Series should he even be wearing it lest he damage such a valuable Cubs 7-1 bottom takes a borderline pitch that West calls a strike and then fouls the next pitch off. already down 0-2. offer at next pitch. 1-2. And he swings and misses and the leave them loaded. You have to think just missed its one big chance of getting back into this game.
Military officials used tactics to try to a army doctor by suggesting that his opposition to the war made him a dangerous a tribunal has Frost was sacked by the Ministry of with no notice and no explanation in 2013 after an incident in which a pharmacist wrongly dispensed morphine to a veteran of the war in who had 20 years of in the was never given a chance to plead his case at a performance review panel and was banned from working as a with the a tribunal in heard on insists he was sacked because he suggested that the six times stronger than that prescribed to the patient by another may have been siphoned off in a potentially criminal operation. Frost says he turned after becoming convinced that the patient never took the drugs he was and was ignored and then sacked when he suggested police should be is disputed by the which says Frost never called for a police investigation and was sacked because he failed to tell the patient he may have been given the wrong drugs and was at risk of an months after Frost decided to challenge his dismissal at a one of the officers who terminated his employment did some research on Frost that his lawyers described as and and aimed at destroying his career. Col research was then forwarded to hospital which was deciding whether to strike him off its list of approved doctors. Black had noted that Frost was a light in the group of doctors who wish to reopen the case of the government scientist whose suicide in 2003 resulted in the inquiry. He is vociferously critical of government in the press and on social media ... a number of tweets refer to the war in had also drawn attention to association with a retired surgeon from the West Country who Black compared to the conspiracy theorist men signed a letter to the Guardian in 2013 suggesting that had not killed himself. In Frost and wrote a letter to medical journal the complaining about the ... meted out to the air force medical officer who faced criminal charges for challenging the legality of the war against John accused Black of using tactics reminiscent of the the East secret only mentioning in order to smear Frost with by Black said he never intended to do but I do see what you told Black the emails designed to sink without a prompting Black to not at Black then told the tribunal he was concerned that Frost could be a influence on younger I read Lancet I wondered if it could be that Frost would pass his views on this to the young doctors who are around because that be he adding that it was that if a doctor deserts and do his he will be harshly treated by the told the panel Frost loved working with and his views on the legality of the war were widely tribunal 
In a more conventional soccer Eleven might be preparing for a 2017 season against the likes of the Galaxy and Sounders. In only their third the team from finished second in the North Soccer in the standings to the New who also beat them on penalties in the championship average attendances of about the club is hoping to get approval for an stadium. In a couple of years it is not hard to imagine boasting a quality team in a major with only one thing Major League Soccer. In improvement does not mean that the only way is up. always said we want to play at the highest level said Tom senior of marketing and operations. want to have the best standard on and off the pitch. obviously part of a system where you earn that through merit on the field so working to grow the our place in is not won through sporting success but is a strategic outcome based on location and spending the result of a business rather than prowess in the penalty area. When New added a second team to join the Red Bulls it was not the champions in three of the past four years but New City a new entity built by the billionaire backers of and departures spell the end of LA Galaxy's Read soccer in the US wants or needs promotion and relegation is a debate that pulses as one of the pressure points of operating a global sport in North where some fans envy the dramas elsewhere but major leagues have heavily clubs are franchises and professional rulers have an aversion to risk informed by memories of the old rise and fall in the and topic was given fresh impetus by release of a report from which contends that reworking the US soccer pyramid to introduce promotion and relegation could stimulate changes that would benefit the sport from top to report argues that it would increase translating to higher attendance and broadcast viewing force owners to work harder to improve their teams and players in a way that would aid development all the way to national team bring the US in line with overseas leagues and lead to stronger structures and more investment from the grassroots study commissioned by International whose the includes a survey of US fans which found that believe that would boost club soccer. do think that for the game to its full potential in the promotion and relegation feels like part of the said of Sports Business Group. very deliberately put a on it because a lot of practical detail to be worked out as to how you would actually go about implementing would include and the lower leagues and creating a compensation package palatable to clubs who endure as well as figuring out how to handle the increasing number of teams affiliated to with expansion fees now in excess of providing a key revenue generator for a league that last year claimed to be losing it is hard to imagine would give away spaces for free. And the Don dismissed the concept as recently as this Battery has won four championships so I suppose in one way if you look at it we could have been promoted four said whose own career trajectory is a testament to social he started off as a taxi driver after emigrating to South from joined the team in 1999 as a announcer and was named president in of the United Soccer have one of the best stadiums in the lower echelons and last year beat Dynamo of in a friendly. Bell knows the pain of relegation and the joy of he is a boyhood fan of Reading But he does not think the US is ready for think a realism that really not going to happen any time in my opinion. Maybe wrong but I just see how we could change the system where that could be he said. been playing since has been playing since really not that long. So maybe in the future going to be the future a chance that it could change and we could see that. But I think really at that mature level on a solid footing and out of its teenage some believe that continued progress requires dramatic rather than a cautious ethos that has fostered incremental is an incredible market for pro soccer in the US. It is presently reined in by an uncompromising major league system that served its purpose well during the initial phase but 20 years later needs to evolve as it is now holding the growth said the former general manager of the Red by email. fans like the pure merit system. US audiences of leagues are there to demonstrate that the US fans like the competitiveness of those leagues. The US soccer fan is not different from the one. He or she aspires to the same quality and competitiveness of games. The playoff attendance and ratings demonstrate that currently there is very little interest in the playoff system in which by the has changed many times over the past twenty without ever finding a formula that If does ever adopt it would likely only happen once the concept has proven successful in the lower echelons. A test case is the United Premier Soccer an amateur competition in and with about 50 teams. It will debut internally in have some very good teams that have potential to be teams in the said the Promotion will be based on a combination of performance and minimum such as venue it is teams might one day transit between with a goal connect the dots not only with just the clubs but with the leagues. The system here is very fragmented and there are a handful of leagues and now to the point where a little bit confusing Maybe it can help bring it all together in the future and maybe maybe everybody kind of stays their own the governing the United States Soccer taken a firmer grip of the structure long a more structure that would have better facilitated might exist. have the wild wild west as far as leagues go. You have a bunch of businesses that are set up to own and operate soccer he said. nothing wrong with that but just the that you have business opportunities to own and operate a league. If you want to go and set up a league tomorrow you can do not that difficult. not the case in England or or where the federation pretty much controls of money will talk. of questions the notion that fear volatility. of the points that some people have made to me US investors would not go for a system with the risk of You look at and the fact that US investors invested in Derby and and Crystal Palace. So that say to me that US investors are unwilling to invest in a soccer system that carries the risk of he somehow just feels very in line with the way of doing things that there would be that that if willing to commit time and money and talent and ambition into doing you could push that on as far as those factors will take you rather than hitting a false sort of glass ceiling quite 
So that is that. win was a thumping by 108 with two days to spare. History has been resoundingly and been an to tap out the first draft of it. Thanks for your your your tweets and your good cricket go down without a laugh. our hot take on a quite astonishing claim historic Test win over England as collapse ensures tied series Read more Man of the match is Six who trots up with a glorious smile on his face and says really He can say that again. And he does. My John was a county cricketer who spent several years in working as a jute merchant. It would have surprised him to see become a let alone a Test but I like to think he would have been cheering them on today. Test cricket has had a wonderful couple of and to have a young nation doing so well makes the whole game stronger. a story on it a great claim historic Test win over England as collapse ensures tied series Read more Man of the series will surely be the off spinner who took 19 England one for each of his tender years. He was a real England need to sort out the way they play and the way they deploy it. Cook had three slow bowlers but showed little faith in and set fields that just gave away easy singles. So history is and history is invoked by our resident paraphrase Admiral at he seems to be something wrong with our The astonishing thing about this victory is not that it but that it came so fast. England were 100-0 at and with making an electric first Test fifty. The first ball after got a and then stood tall and lured England into one of their great collapses. They lost all ten wickets for 64 in 22.3 overs. Staggering stuff. is plumb and the teenage wonder has given his country their first win over England. He may also have given the rest of the world a laugh but this win was no and a drawn series is the right result. 45th England 163-9 target 273 A pattern has already established itself for this takes a comfortable single half way through the and uses his long reach to see out the rest. If they can just keep it up for a couple of England will be fine. 44th England 162-9 target 273 has been formidable for the past four but this is surely beyond him. 43rd England 161-9 target 273 was poor at the start of this but he has had the last laugh three of them in one over. And that from was phenomenal. writes last decade has been tough as a supporter of Arsenal and the giddy highs there are always unspeakable every silver lining has a welcome to Tiger Great series look forward to Me but England may be dreading it. sees off one ball but cope with the clipping to leg and falling to a superb catch from Nominal at short leg. That was 161-9 and England still need more than a hundred. History is beckoning to scholar and has to see off a from wit six men round the bat. He manages propping forward solidly. sent in ahead of after his has gone. Straight stone and I am running out of exclamation marks. given first and he looks a goner. No doubt this time Stokes b flummoxed by the flight. England sinking fast. 42nd England 157-6 target 273 We already have a Test again. The suspense is delicious. Stokes saved by the flick of ball on which means he technically hit it. You make it up. Given he reviews. Looks Stokes goes down the track to fails to reach the pitch of the and still lofts it over Immense. 41st England 150-6 target 273 When the hundred came England were right on top. Now they are in a tight corner and a desperate scrap. Can the dominant personality of the series so dig them Stokes reprieved by off his own bowling a tricky falling in front of but catchable. 40th England 149-6 target 273 Stokes tries to live up to that last point with a off but well stopped at square leg. With the lights need to keep up this momentum. 39th England 147-6 target 273 Both batsmen are staying positive. Stokes will not go gently. An email from who seems to have just the one like this first five batting England will get slaughtered by Changes need to be starting with and for but that seems a little hard on who made a crucial 60 at A 60 in this series is worth a hundred in most places. 38th England 143-6 target 273 begins with a cool cover drive for three. But if one more thing goes England are surely sunk. snaffle. has yet another England are and are now hot An email from message from my Dad that happy to share as it demonstrates both cleanliness and had quick lost 2 if you count as a 37th England 137-5 target 273 Stokes survives an appeal from not that it bothers him he then goes for a reverse sweep and but gets away with it. And drinks. Seldom has an hour belonged so utterly to one five 37 mostly mayhem. But can finish England as they narrowly failed to do in The heart says the head says probably. 36th England 136-5 target 273 drops short and Stokes pounces with a stylish pull for four. He is happy to take up the gauntlet thrown down by 35th England 129-5 target 273 Stokes chops out a then keeps out the rest and nicks the strike with a handsome push to the cover sweeper. England have the personality to rescue this The question is whether they have the asks John the partnership going to rescue England 34th England 127-5 target 273 now has four wickets in this spell and ten in the match. The one that got Cook seem to do but Rob Key spots that it was a slower ball an ball. Teenage kicks are not what they were. No doubt this as Cook pokes straight to silly point and perishes to a juggling catch. 127-5 and appear to be racing to their first Test victory over England. But Stokes and so effective may have other ideas. 33rd England 126-4 Stokes target 273 After surviving fifth Cook plays and misses at the sixth. When was England were making a molehill out of a mountain. Now making a minefield. Cook survives by a again. Fabulous drama. For against who could be in trouble. 32nd England 124-4 Stokes target 273 So a maiden from who is having a spectacular debut series 16 wickets at and he is only 19. But Cook is still there and England have a batting order... has to go it was clipping leg. Well bowled and four wickets for 24 since tea. Another classic England collapse. of England leaves the field after being dismissed by Images Given He reviews. nightmare continues as he somehow turns a long hop into a leading edge and hands a simple catch to the man at Game absolutely on. Test not so much. 31st England 124-2 target 273 Cook trundles on. 30th England 118-2 target 273 So calm has broken out. But are still in with a very good answer to and England supporters tweets Guy HAVE I Cook plays a studious tuck into the leg side for and his 52nd Test fifty but his first of this series. Cometh the cometh the Chef. 28th England 113-2 target 273 England break the very with three all swept. An unexpected request from Bill the page link to the match commentary tomorrow not include the match result Ha. 27th England 110-2 target 273 Another from to Balance. England are in danger of going into their email from Hunt. briefly that my phone wants to to he thing very much in his has to be that is much more pleasing than the and so is whack it. a cricketer who could have been up by 27th England 110-2 target 273 If Cook knows one thing after 135 how to calm things down. He plays out a maiden over from which would have gone for 20 if had still been with us. 26th England 110-2 target 273 High drama in that may have been the moment this Test turned on. mutter the and although a never been truer. The one that got Root was only brushing leg the one that get Cook was only just missing it. umpire and he took a long time to raise the finger ... and Cook survives it was missing leg. Great review. Given sweeping at He reviews. 25th England 108-2 target 273 In comes been hopeless so far to be he is just as busy as looking for and he has already outlasted him. can almost says Guy is feeling right Pinned by arm ball. Root could have reviewed but perhaps cowed by abysmal reviewing earlier. out for 1 and game on. 24th England 105-1 Root target 273 is but his spirit remains. Root is instantly into the gap at wide for a and Cook gets four more with yet another sweep. be before long. First ball after gets a grubber from and bowled. England 100-1. Still a fine innings and a great start to the run chase. and that sinking feeling.
Three of these historical figures were alive when the Cubs last won the World Series. Which one dear have nothing to declare but your genius. By the and Bellow were born in and is buried there. Bellow The Cubs won the World Series since 1908. When did the last win 1939 1948 And they can't even blame a billy goat. 1959 1970 will begin the north derby on as the only unbeaten team in the Premier League. Who are the only team to have beaten Arsenal in the league this City City beat them 4-3 on the opening weekend of the season. has retired from football as leading with 71 goals. Who is second on that list with 68 scored those 68 goals for West in 62 during which time he managed to win both the Championship and the World Cup. City are one of two teams yet to concede a goal in this Champions League group stage. Who are the Real Both clubs have played four won drawn one and picked up 10 points. Which boxer announced his return to the sport with the like herpes one minute then one minute I pop back is back in action next when he fights heavyweight champion Fury The Eagles have released Josh Huff after he was charged with possessing a gun without a permit. What did Huff say when asked about why he was carrying a know it was real. I thought it was my water dog must have found it and put it in my a professional athlete. What professional athlete have a When asked if he thought all of his fellow colleagues carried he do. I only borrowed it for a Why was the match between Green and Town called off after 13 minutes this Lightning struck one of the goal frames and the keepers said they wouldn't play on The referee called the match off after a fan kept moaning about his officiating After the supporter refused to the referee decided he could not walked off the to clubs and left the ground Town turned up an hour late as they didn't fix their clocks and Green do not have floodlights There was a mass brawl and all 22 players both were sent off Who mean to strike I just wanted to frighten the boxer the fighter the boxer the footballer really full of regret for said Pol after he had aimed a kick at a fan in the crowd. East are aiming for a 27th straight victory in the Lowland League. Which club chalked up 26 consecutive wins in the early won the Cup in 1972 and a feat yet to be by East You your friends Share on Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on Share on Share on Share on Share on Messenger Close Submit quiz of the 
And our match defeats to end year as world Read more the year end lifts the trophy above his head. He finishes the year as the best player in the too good even for the wondrous I suspect be meet again in the final of the Open in For both off for a well earned rest. all from me. Thanks for your emails over the past week. World number one. Tom for the Guardian Sorry for the slight delay in the last the inside the Arena decided to cut out just as hit his final return long. Serving for the is greeted by a huge roar of encouragement as he walks to the baseline. You sense that finished though. rarely been his style to leave without a fight. But 15-0 when sends a shabby backhand long. An ace down the middle from makes it 30-0. The cheers become that bit more urgent. nets a backhand to make it before netting a forehand to make it never is Thoughts drift back to the final in 2013. But earns his first championship a volley forcing to dab a strange lob well past the baseline. The roar is deafening. What would give for a first serve here. Before they can get down to the umpire has to tell everyone to turn the lights off their phones. Eventually swings an ace down the middle. But a let. So they go again. cracks a forehand into the right corner and charges forward to stay alive with a smash. Another monstrous serve from earns him a second championship though. he nets a first serve. His first serve is weak. dominates a short rally and wins it with a wonderful but then he drags a forehand wide. has a third championship point. sends a first serve long. The tension is unbearable. The second serve is there to be so hits it. Unfortunately for brilliantly for his forehand flies wide and has won the World Tour Finals for the first time in his career and finishes the year as the world wins. Tom for the Guardian Second 4-5 is serving to stay in the final. completely a forehand to make it then nets a backhand return to make it 30-0. misses a backhand to make it but a backhand clips the top of the net and lands on his side. 40-15. lashes a forehand away to hold. will serve for the title. been going for 92 minutes. What must be going through returns with a backhand. Tom for the Guardian Second 3-5 will be desperate not to lose momentum completely here. know better how difficult it is to stop if he gives him any encouragement and not looking too clever when he sends a forehand at the end of a punishing rally. leads 0-15. manages to move into a 30-15 serving well. Then pushes a backhand inches much to the relief of a wheezing having to work so hard here. 40-15. thinks won the game with an ace. challenges. strides off towards his convinced it was in. It was miles out. That was curious from who nonetheless manages to hold when knocks a backhand long. will serve to stay in the final. Second 3-4 suddenly looks like a different charging into a 30-0 lead. probably suspected this might happen. Soon leads 40-0 as whistles a forehand long despite reaching a smash. The holds to winning the drop shot war with who is likely to come under intense pressure now. Second 2-4 you think that both of these players really just want to get back to the dressing room to watch Planet Earth getting through the match in an uncharacteristically quick time so wonders Wall. Not so pulls a forehand wide to make it challenging unsuccessfully. He makes up for it with a beauty down the though. The game goes to when double faults. Then a deep return from earns him his first break point of the which feels faintly absurd given who he is. This over yet. sends a forehand long and ever the has one break back. The clenches his fist. Second 1-4 These are choppy waters for as he nets a forehand for before dumping one long to make it 0-30. approaches the net. comes up with a stupendous backhand pass from left to right to earn three break points. good tennis. is in serious trouble now. He saves the first point. But not the second. A backhand goes long and . Second 1-3 Having stopped the is likely to attack with renewed intent here and he leads 0-15 when arrows a backhand wide. when nets a and 30-15 after a swinging serve out wide from somehow crashes a forehand volley into the to the amazement of everyone even who can hardly believe his luck. the boost needs to hold to 15 with an ace out wide. What a miss that was from The journalist sitting next to me is beside himself. Second 1-2 challenges when a forehand is called but come to his aid. leads 0-15. makes up for it with a precise backhand winner for and quickly moves into a 30-15 lead. He surely has to hold here. He netting a forehand at 40-15. This one is far from over. serves. Tom for the Guardian Second 0-2 A few fans are waving flags in the crowd. really needs their support now. He trails by a set and a break and the majority of the crowd is with got the bit between his teeth. But can he keep this Can he consolidate that precious Moving into a 40-0 lead with barely any trouble suggests that he can. And he holds to 15 thanks to a granite serve. Second 0-1 Looking a little lifts a backhand wide to make it 15-30. receives cries of encouragement from the crowd and then he earns two break overpowering the advancing with a drilled backhand. This is a potentially huge moment. take the missing a backhand return off a deep first serve. saves the second with a stunning serve out wide to force deuce. finds a fine angle with a forehand to earn a third wasting a challenge on a ball that clipped the line. A deep slice from draws a forehand error from though. quite sort out his feet in time. gives up a fourth opportunity with an errant though. He miss it by but it was by and breaks when nets a Serving for the unlucky to lose the first getting away with a net cord at the net. and all that matters. is immediately under pressure. looks bewildered after knocking a forehand wide for though. Then comes one of those endless baseline rallies these two in. It has to end at some of and this one does with lifting a slice wide for 30-15. tries to stay but his level has dipped and he sends another backhand wide to hand two set points. If it had been getting there. But here we are. has two set points. He only needs one. nets a tame forehand and leads this takes the first set. Tom for the Guardian First 3-5 look like in the mood for any funny business at the start of this remembering how to smash and making it 15-0. A tight backhand into the net makes it another one that drifts past the baseline makes it chops a backhand slice and uses up a challenge for no good reason. But the game goes to deuce as splatters a forehand long. not always looked entirely steady out but probably just putting on an act. Then a dismal backhand into the net that hands a break point suggests otherwise. You sense really needs to take this chance. He has to be clinical. He is clinical. They trade cautious slices for a but who ups the ante with a vicious forehand into the left corner that can only slice into the net. breaks and serve for the first set. First 3-4 Wary of the dangers of allowing his focus to begins this game slapping a forehand into the right corner for a 15-0 then serving firmly to lead 30-0. Another cracking serve makes it 40-0. holds to picking off at the net with a glorious backhand down the line. This is turning into a very good match. First 3-3 sends a heavy forehand long to lose the first point of this but then he clumps one down the line to win one against the serve for the first time. The game goes to edging another baseline rally. The volume in the arena rises and earns the first break point of the forcing to net an insipid forehand. convert though. is rock solid on the baseline and blinks netting a forehand. earns another a low slice drawing another error from who nets a forehand. nets a though. deuce for a which is partly down to absolutely butchering a gimme of a smash. Something falls on to the possibly from his racket. difficult to make out what it was. Whatever. raises his level to hold. Do not be surprised if he breaks in the next game. First 2-3 engages in a baseline rally with never the wisest of but wins it with a cannily disguised forehand for 15-0. responds with a rasping backhand down the and gobbles up a smash at the net for moves into a 40-15 lead after two weak and holds to 30 thanks to a serve out wide. returns with a backhand. Tom for the Guardian First 2-2 Looking bright and clips a forehand into the left corner and skips forward to volley before serving well to make it 30-0. decides to attack a second serve but puts too much behind a rasping the game going to 40-0. holds to love with a confident smash. needs to return better. First 1-2 make many first serves in his first service game and he win this match if that trend continues. He makes a decent start forcing to block a backhand return long for 15-0. Another solid serve makes it 30-0 and he hits a backhand well to make it 40-0. But pulls it back to lobbing then makes it 40-30 when a backhand that was heading wide hits the top of the net and lands in. holds to though. watched the Guardian's highlights reel. Good on for winning even though they didn't let him 2016 First 1-1 a delay before the start of this the umpire telling an idiot in the crowd to switch off the light on their phone. Why do these people bother buying a It happens in every match. though. An ace takes him to 30-0 and he races through the next two points to hold to love. Fine serving from the world First 0-1 won the toss and the final begins him with serving. he starts with a double fault. A careful rally both men exuding tension. It ends with knocking a backhand long. Given that confidence pings an ace down the challenging to no avail. He follows that up with another double the game going to nerves getting the better of who steadies himself by moving to 40-30. holds to 30. all in black almost back to his early season All says John should go the distance with just having a tad more left in the tank than it the last words The 97 Lions heard as they left the dressing room for the 2nd Test well the same goes for these serves. Tom for the Guardian knocking up. By the I lied. There are a few empty seats here. Presumably be filled soon enough. And here comes the world greeted by a deafening roar. got his game face on. Just how will he have recovered from epic against arrives on court. is out first. He gets a hearty cheer from the crowd. got a big grin on his face. arrives on court. For the first time this it look like an empty seat in the house here. A fine atmosphere is brewing. This is their 18th meeting in a their fifth this year alone. was victorious in and sole victory came in in May. Overall leads 10-7 in this department. Can close the gap While we relive with these highlights. beats in epic Hello. Even when was beginning uncertainly against last even when was match point down against last you knew that it was going end like this. Could it be any other No tearing up the no changing the ending just to make it look less no final between and the two best players in the world meet in the final match of competing for the not insignificant of finishing the year as the world when embarrassed in the Open final in no one viewed them as equals. looked untouchable and he continued to assert his dominance over his old rival by beating him in the Open final at the start of writing his name into hall of fame by completing the career slam in the process. But the narrative has changed since then. Perhaps the strain of that remarkable achievement had more of an impact on than anyone could have imagined. All of a he was carrying aches and his mood was there was talk of problems away from the court and his tennis suffered. shocked him at He wept after losing to Martin in toppled him in New He lost to and for crying out loud. He sought solace in a spiritual guru. While showed few signs of flushing out the funk that had gripped his mind and prospered during a golden summer that featured glory at and before the took his game to new reaching staggering levels of consistency by rising to the top of the rankings for the first time in his the mood has changed since celebrated becoming by winning the Masters a fortnight ago. Take nothing away from but is looking ominous again. The world it still feels strange to call him that needed only 66 minutes to destroy last while earlier needed three hours and 38 minutes to see of in the first As brilliantly as has played in the last six he faces one hell of a challenge to hold on to that spot. Overcoming battle fatigue is one but there must be better ways to spend a evening than trying to survive an assault from a resurgent is their 35th meeting and leads 24-10 in their record. So tough to beat on an indoor the is bidding to win this title for the fifth consecutive year and he must be the after his performance against last have it any other After if there has been one thing missing from his recent it is a win over begins
The race discrimination has said there is to change section of the Racial Discrimination putting him at odds with the Human Rights Commission comments to Guardian said courts only profound and serious racist comments not and there are available that protect free the government launched a parliamentary inquiry into whether section which prohibits speech that humiliates or intimidates people based on their race unreasonably burdens free to launch inquiry into section of the Racial Discrimination Act Read backed the inquiry and indicated she is open to overhauling the Racial Discrimination including replacing the terms and with specifically about replacing offend and insult with the word told the on would see that as a it could be a very useful thing to in his monthly email remains my view that there is no case for changing section of the society must have strong protections against racial abuse and while guaranteeing freedom of told Guardian the section had to protect all against acts of racial hatred since while still guaranteeing free speech. have consistently held that section only captures conduct that involves and and not He noted in section protect freedom of including fair comment and artistic expression. In his newsletter noted the Human Rights role is to inquire into and conciliate complaints that are made by members of the contradicting incorrect statements by that the commission had itself brought a case against three University of Technology students. commission does not make legal determinations about whether something has contravened the act that can only be done by a federal he commission also has no power to prevent people from taking a matter to court after a complaint has been inquiry includes a term of reference to consider whether practice of soliciting has an adverse impact on freedom of speech or constitutes an abuse of powers of the newspaper has accused of encouraging complaints against a controversial Bill Leak cartoon. The race discrimination commissioner has denied prejudging the case by saying society endorse racial stereotypes of Indigenous said he played no role in conciliating he said as part of his role to promote understanding of the he informs people they have the option of lodging a complaint they believe they have experienced racial discrimination or is wrong to suggest that it is inappropriate or beyond my remit to provide such says replacing and could strengthen Read told Guardian he also regularly makes clear in public statements that the act protects freedom of speech under section race discrimination commissioner said he would make his views known including on whether it was inappropriate to complaints to the which is due to report by 28 the Coalition party room on 18 spoke about including the former prime Tony who argued the section needed reform and procedural change would not be sources have told Guardian that told the meeting the need for reform of section was clear when even was making the case publicly but he told colleagues the government needed to proceed carefully given the community a number of including the Liberals and and the Liberal MP have argued that complaints about the act can be fixed with a procedural not a rewrite of a legal of 
We are a party of 10 who have booked a ski holiday at the end of At the time of booking we were told that free drinks were included with evening meals at our hotel and this was key when choosing the best deal. we have now been informed that the hotel has withdrawn the offer. It has offered around compensation per person. Is it allowed to change a package like this after selling it to Interesting question the package travel regulations state that if there are significant alterations to terms of your the travel must allow you to withdraw from the contract without or to accept the terms include the precise type and nature of the and the place and time of that you said the free drinks were a key and not having them could have a big effect on the price of your you could argue it was an you consider the to be sufficient you are within your rights to cancel without penalty. Ski companies are going to face a tough time this winter given the plunge in the so they will likely be keen to negotiate an outcome that retains your booking this is probably the way to welcome letters but cannot answer individually. Email us at or write to Consumer the 90 Please include a daytime phone 
is to cut 2,000 jobs from its global workforce and swallow up to in restructuring costs as part of a move to and its financial news and data which employs about 48,000 staff said there would be no cuts from the news do not expect any impact on headcount in the said a spokesman for the carries sponsorship of its US presidential coverage Read whose competitors include and News said the cuts would result in the company booking a restructuring charge of to in the fourth are taking these actions now because we see a real opportunity to break down internal position ourselves closer to customers and become more said chief executive in an email sent to staff as the company reported its third quarter results on said the charge was to accelerate the pace of the transformation by further simplifying and streamlining the company said the charges incurred from the cuts would largely come from two financial and and the technology and operations group that was created in core subscription businesses are moving in the right our cost controls are working and we are increasingly confident in our execution said Smith. is why we are going to pick up the pace of our transformation said the subsequent cash savings from 2017 would be of a to the restructuring of the savings be reinvested in the the company said. The company reported that revenues at news fell to in the three months to the end of The operation reported a loss for the up from at the same time last said total revenues rose in the third quarter to is encouraging to see our continued progress flow through in the said company reported net earnings of in the third quarter to the end of down from It said it expected revenue growth of to for the full 
The texts began arriving on phones over the Bank had spotted unusual activity on a significant number of current and was getting in touch with customers to alert them. But that enough to prevent being siphoned out of about 9,000 and transferred to criminals whose identities and locations remain a damage to the reputation may be significant but more significant still is that the attack is only the and presently most example of a rising tide of onslaughts against which seek to exploit any weak spot in computer systems and their motives are straightforward. As the wild west bank robber explained when asked to explain his where the money experts warn that which has already seen an audacious attempt to steal electronically from central bank in the is the precursor for much worse to a lot of economies in good see more and more skilled computing people being out of and turning to the dark side where they work for says Ilia chief executive of a web security company. at the same time got a lot of companies trying to their and preferring to save money on the side. hard to predict how successful and how large the scale will but pretty sure it will get attack occurred in when hackers broke into the Swift the international financial transfer information and told the Federal Reserve Bank of New to make 32 transactions to accounts around the world. Although only in two was paid a total of has not been recovered. Swift has since warned banks to update their is highly unlikely that the same group was behind the Bank the amounts involved and number of accounts are so different as to imply separate operations. this suggests that various gangs are trying to break into banks and accounts There have certainly been a number of raids some involving big money. In security company said that as much as had been stolen from 100 banks after their internal systems were infected with in late the National Crime Agency investigated the theft of from several enabled by which had infiltrated are suspicions that security model was more vulnerable to compromise than it should have once logged in to a current a user could set up a transfer to a current account in another bank without having to get an confirmation. The still is how the accounts were targeted. Twitter jailed for 11 years over thefts of from banks. Metropolitan is possible that the hackers found a weakness in the systems possibly from a current or former suggests Bank declined to discuss whether there are any patterns in the accounts that were is a criminal and so we are constrained in what we can a spokesman said. He declined to say whether any criminals had been identified or what lines of investigation were being chief executive of the Financial Conduct Authority told last week that are elements of this that look but did not parts are The fraud was far from the largest conducted on a in head of a fraud was jailed for 11 after his gang stole from banks. They fooled people into thinking they were talking to their and got them to hand over their details which he would then use to get access to their accounts. Only has been if the is it must be about the nature and the scale of the attack not its value. And this is the if criminals can compromise 9,000 accounts in a matter of hours during a weekend and siphon off an average of from each one before being to prevent it being done to an even greater number of accounts for greater amounts of and leaving banks to pick up the to stop it being done to any bank every idea of banks building up a false sense of security before a disaster might sound familiar. an independent consultant on likens the situation now to the US financial market in when complacency over the inherent risks of products was compounded by ratings agencies which had an interest in certifying sketchy financial instruments as safe. just like referring to the film and book about the to the financial which was forecast by only a few. computer security industry is worth but it work any more. Having a box to protect your bank website or business work. But nobody is prepared to accept the like discussing more than 100 banks are reckoned to have had up to stolen in late according to security company The hackers compromised internal computers and used video feeds for months to learn daily points out that 2015 was a record year for globally but only because 2016 finished yet. which tries to attack or corporate systems is on the are now thought to be more than 500 million and other viruses in and reportedly every day another 1.25 million threats change as they are copied between making identification Twitter The Federal Reserve Bank in New which was told to make 32 transactions for accounts around the world after hackers got into the transfer system. the attraction of banking is it require expensive offices in high or the employment of thousands of tellers who might be vulnerable to criminals through blackmail or greed. it relies on and a relatively small and highly trained while the function normally done by tellers can be outsourced to call that have little more access than ordinary customers to the the banking should mean greater convenience it can be done anywhere and any time you can get an connection and since the challenges as passwords and memorable words or you face to log on successfully are more complex than a simple number at a cash for inserting a computer between the customer and the bank has opened up new risks from targeting web computers and mobile phones. software and computers both the and the can have mysterious bugs which allow access to hackers and leave almost no there is a constant need for and updates to defeat while banks strengthen their the weak link can lie outside. One of the biggest problems for banking was the which defeated many packages. First seen in it lurked in the background of Windows computers infected via email attachments or web pages and captured passwords and account numbers. By it had infected nearly two men a called and an were given prison sentences more than 24 years for their role in creating and running a of infected computers called which relied on and had stolen more than from US banks by their customers. By there were versions of that infected running on putting banking at far banks appear to have managed to stay ahead in the arms the growth in the use of may actually have because their security model is generally better than holding in deeper Twitter Banking security appears to be better than it is on have often borne the cost of the though. professor of security engineering at computer security has clashed with the financial for more than a first over weaknesses in security and more recently over reluctance to accept the cost of while they reap the profits of lower who have been defrauded often have to fight for their says. Many of those whose money was stolen by are still trying to get their money he points long as banks have to bear the cost of they have an incentive to improve their he notes that the case in which refunds were immediate was a rare and welcome exception. He notes that being able to transfer money more quickly has brought significant the old if you wanted to send to your aunt in it would cost you and take four days and you might have to visit the branch. Now it can be set up and sent in seconds. If a fraud you stop might sound strange for a computer security expert to bemoan faster payments. But the problem is more one of imperfect something failed at Because thousands of customers were affected by the paid but when a single person or business is hit by or another banks often dispute design systems for perfect humans who can recall dozens of passwords. They should design for people as they faults and says the threat to the and the will only increase. attacks are going to get and going to recruit machine learning that not just for Twitter A customer uses a machine at a Bank cash point. Customers who lost money in the recent attack have been refunded. TIDE OF like to talk about especially when it involves customer accounts. But here are some that we know As many as 100 banks worldwide are discovered to have been infiltrated by sent as email attachments to bank employees which sent back video and other data from internal networks. That helped hackers to steal a total of according to the which claims it had gone on for almost two years. Neither the amounts stolen nor the details have been 2014 About 730,000 login details for wealthy clients of are offered for sale after being stolen by an Galen between 2011 and 2014. says it found no evidence that customers lost any money. Marsh pleaded guilty in receiving 36 probation. was fined hackers in and break into the internal networks at financial institutions in their countries and infect with that would give them 50 times the amount they seemed to be taking out. The group is reckoned to have gained access by buying access to already infected by opportunistic hackers using weaknesses in Office and 2015 Hackers acquire codes from the international financial network which enables transfers between to get access to a bank in and transfer out of it via Wells to banks in Hong and The bank sues Wells but does not tell which only learns of the incident via a lawsuit in May 2015 confirms that has been stolen from it by a fraudulent transfer via a bank. Neither the bank nor offers any information about how the fraud 2015 The National Crime Agency investigates a series of bank frauds enabled by called which infects and harvests banking details from users. accounts are reckoned to have had taken from them and paid to accounts in eastern 2016 is stolen from central investigators link the used to break into the systems to that used to penetrate Pictures in 2014 by a hacking group called The hackers had sought to transfer but a fault in their code halted the transaction 2016 Swift says a bank has been but disclose whether any money was or which bank is involved. It urges its numbering more than to keep their software up to 2016 is stolen from a bank in after the Swift system is exploited using a method similar to that used against the central bank in 2016 Bank says has been stolen over the weekend of 5-6 from the accounts of about 9,000 out of a total of 136,000. All have been questions remain about how the transfers were made. could face a substantial fine from and building 
It was a dreary day and I was thinking about my diagnosis of borderline personality disorder. At work and I turned over the possibility of using my negative experience for of the best writers in history have found inspiration on their darkest nights. In this where the media are always encouraging young people to strive to look better and improve the beauty of who they are is often overlooked. Even in professional discrimination towards those with mental ill health is a huge especially when it comes to borderline personality disorder. while browsing the web on my I was surprised to find Time to Change the Welsh campaign for ending the stigma and discrimination surrounding mental health. Express how a charity is using dance to improve mental health Read website provided information about how to get involved. The idea of becoming a stood out to me. The charity offered training that would allow you to talk to colleagues and employers about your mental culminating in a talk to a roomful of people. I found the idea of being able to tell my story but also I am a awkward person and I was afraid to let people in on my experience with this disorder. I took the plunge and signed training took place over the summer and before I knew I was ready to tell my story. I think the charity would find me a place to speak so but just a month later it had a request from a local service user group. the day before I was due to speak my disorder reared its ugly head again and I wound up in after a suicide attempt. I do could mother had to accompany me to the venue or I have gone. I think my talk was going to have any impact. I was trembling and the words came tumbling out rather too like water boiling over in a pan but I did it. I managed to make it to the end without losing my of my experience were particularly painful to talk about. Hallucinations are a pretty taboo but I knew I had to convey that this was a case of or playing as some professionals so kindly put my silence about having been sectioned was a tough step too. But perhaps the most frightening part was revealing my suicide found that speaking openly about the times I had nearly killed myself brought a greater appreciation of the life I still have. I was able to my life through the eyes of my and that I could help those who might be considering suicide. Volunteering social impact mental health improvement Read the end of the talk I felt but I could see that I had made a difference to those listeners who had also struggled with mental ill health. They and I had that honesty is not always something to be that by opening those of us who were struggling alone with mental ill health could begin to heal. They knew I could and mean it. My talk even inspired an audience member to sign up to be a champion. I am only a tiny way into my but I made a difference to the people in that room by sharing my story. By telling them that I was rediscovering a life worth despite my daily struggles with my disorder. That there was hope for all of day I made a difference is the Guardian Voluntary Sector series that showcases the work of people involved with charities. If you have a story you want to share email with a short summary of your more opinions and ideas about the voluntary join our community Sector day I made a 
The Haggler loves a great consumer mystery. why are hotel thermostats so varied and Do we really need smart And one that recently flitted across the When Taco Bell conceived its Cheesy Core Burrito a cheese burrito stuffed inside a beef burrito did it ever consider cramming the whole concoction into yet even bigger burrito and calling it the Triple Emails to Taco Bell with this perfectly reasonable question were not returned. Some consumer mysteries have solutions. Some of them do not. In this an example of the Q. I work at a nonprofit in Toward the end of I received a bill from a company called for worth of printer toner. Less than a month later I received another bill for worth of the same product. Historically we have paid to a year for though to a different company. As I later we had never hired When I got the second I called the company. A representative was very apologetic but basically made it seem that we in ordered in toner. This guy agreed to lower the price of the second shipment to At the time I assumed we had a deal with this operation. So I wrote a check and thought that was that. But the weirdness was just starting. Soon I got a call from a man at a company never heard of. He said he worked with and would cut the cost of the second shipment to if I paid his company via credit card and canceled the check for to I gave him our credit card I canceled the check to and once this is over. Of the guy from called and he asked why the check had been canceled. I really thought we were caught in the middle of a fight between two companies. A few weeks a man named from called me and said the people from the other company were crooks and that I needed to report fraudulent activity on my card. This tale goes on and right through It turns out that we had been sending money to as far back as 2014. In we spent and wound up with 48 cartridges. If you do the we paid about 10 times the price charged by Amazon. We used 18 cartridges. happily send back the remaining 30 for a refund. Can you try to arrange that New A. dear you are wondering why the Haggler described this case as a mystery. really should not exist. In late the Federal Bureau of the United States Secret the police in and the Orange County district office arrested 21 people linked to the company and charged them with operating a scheme to sell toner at inflated prices. The toner swindle has been around for and sounds like a classic example. Inflated prices were just part of it. Prosecutors said would pose as the regular toner suppliers of its which turned out to be a very effective sales strategy. From the time it began operating in netted about million from 50,000 the authorities mostly small businesses and charities. So why is in the toner What connection does this company have with the one that prompted the The Haggler called Ms. had his number and he sounded like a perfectly reasonable guy. He offered to answer questions via email. neither the Haggler nor Ms. could fully make sense of account of this misadventure. The clear part was that thought had done all that it could to help Ms. nonprofit organization. He also said that had begun winding down operations and ceased taking new orders in In a the Haggler asked about the arrests. Though name was not on the list of those an obvious question presented Why did appear to be in business as recently as have referred this to upper who will refer it to the he replied the next day. is the extent of the response that I can give No lawyer from the company has contacted the Haggler. When the Haggler suggested the swap requested by Ms. did not reply. The Haggler was still left wondering about the peculiar resilience of So he contacted a spokesman for the United States office for the Central District of in In an wrote that the operator of was told to shut down the company as a condition of his release on bond this summer. recently spoke with his who informed us that the company was no longer doing continued. will look into this matter in an attempt to determine if the same perhaps operating under different is still in So a mystery to the too. If any answers rest they will be shared right here.
You know I still make got a decent lead very quickly despite batting to come that has plenty of potential runs in off do more but do join me again at about tomorrow morning for what promises to be a cracker of a fourth day. Cheers for reading and apologies for any tweets and emails I use. Stokes and help England hang on against Read more 31st 152-3 Cook is told he bowl in this so returns. I guess this will be the penultimate although the way taking his time could well make it the last. comes forward to the second ball and looks to but is nutmegged outside by the low bounce. a sense of panic when he turns back and heads towards his but fine. Cook brings in the men from and to catching positions and the pressure The very last ball of the day brings the wicket England wanted and be buoyed going into tomorrow. lead by 128 with seven wickets in hand. Utterly idiotic from He goes for the huge and ruins all his hard work by missing a straight one. Down go the stumps on the last ball of the day. 30th 150-2 On Mike is talking about playing with his which makes me want to be mates with Mike all the more. is playing a fine innings himself scurrying and and moving to 46 from 54 balls with a clip to midwicket for a two and a push to for one. The 150 comes up and we can start thinking about what kind of total will want to defend. Another 120 runs and be a corker of a fourth innings. 29th 147-2 Another overthrow after a pointless shy at the stumps I It looks like been exiled to the deep for that one. A out the rough takes by surprise and takes the shoulder of the but no catcher in place. Twice the batsman sweeps and the second time it beating the sweeper and skidding away for eighth boundary. 28th 138-2 Into the last over which will bowl. misses a big sweep and is very careful to keep his back foot planted in the crease with lurking ominously behind. needs to take a wicket to prevent this from being despite that stand for it looks like carrying on. Of course had the minimum overs for the day. looking dark out there too. 27th 135-2 John are reminding us as the clocks go back their official start time will be so why bother going to Those irresponsible opening up the so just spent over swearing loudly while and laugh at moves to a fine 50 with a reverse sweep that goes fine and down to third man. This has been an excellent innings from the man whom some thought of as a player before this series. 26th 127-2 is is on with just three overs left. who is getting increasingly irritating behind the screams his head off for against who dug a full ball out with his bat about a foot away from his boot. unlike this is not impressed enough to call for a review. a better shout a couple of balls later when is hit on the pad from round the but turns away without appealing himself. 25th 124-2 Another call for a catch from behind the but just looped up off the pad with daylight between bat and ball. Two singles from the over drop the below which is a victory of sorts for England. The lead is 100. 24th 122-2 Two more strays on to the steps back and across and whips it fine for four to bring up the 50 partnership from 61 balls. Fine stuff that from the whose run rate is incredibly still around five an over. is off the field with an upset stomach. Then four balls later puts a in the slot and reaches into the coaching manual and pulls out the cover England needs a What are you planning to do about 23rd 113-2 Nice shot from going back in his crease and punching against the spin to for just one. You kinda feel he deserved more. then brings out the reverse sweep and comes round to save a couple with a good slide. The batsmen play that shot getting across and right on top of the ball to smother the spin. A leading edge along the ground and through off the brings two more then a clip off the pads lands a foot or so short of at midwicket. are kidding says a grumpy and his mood be helped by thwacking the final ball on the through midwicket for four. 22nd 104-2 is introduced to the attack and single takes to 100 with minimal fanfare. reaches for a wide one and appeals for a catch but not convinced he even believes that one himself given his grin. He cashes in with a glorious pull from a short ball and crashed through midwicket with a lovely woody sound for updates in Apparently and are here too. me neither. apparently. But at least kept me up to date with the cricket on the way asking at one point do both teams get a go at batting and bowling every been that kind of I think I should be a all got loads of money and I see their shiny faces and nice teeth and bad hair everywhere when I get dragged to bookshops by the other half a But I have a voice like a constipated Tom apparently. 21st 99-2 Change of bowling as who looked increasingly takes a break and is replaced by The played a fine innings with the bat earlier and he turns one square out of the albeit well outside and almost worth calling a wide. Once again an attempted and again it lands this time around backward square. They take two. 20th 96-2 haul Stokes off given he looks and could well be most effective bowler when the ball gets properly old. The covers are being while on the field a pair of singles push lead to 72. The final ball induces an inside edge that thuds into pads when it could so easily have been stumps. Such are the fine margins etc. 19th 94-2 so not sure how much longer this will last be surprised if we get the 10 remaining over in. lives top edging a booming but the ball falls wide of at midwicket. It would have been hard for him to watch that one in the air. Although little excusing the fielding sloppiness that allows a couple of overthrows a few balls later. 18th 90-2 Stokes continues after drinks and it looks like the clouds have given way a bit certainly brighter there. drives and it comes off the thick outside going through point and slightly in the air rather than booming through cover as he intended. The ball before Stokes got a bouncer all wrong and it was called a wide on height. The final ball is on the pads and whipped aerially and safe for of the wicketkeeper chat was surely as a says most celebrated comments have had plenty of airings but my remains the one where he innocently asks the batsman you hold you breath when you play your Which as a subtle way of getting into a batsman head is so much better than the usual on this lot are a bunch of nonsense that seems to these is actually pretty good. Shameless some actual journalism I Welsh still hopeful of financial amid uncertainty over future Read more drinks. 17th 85-2 Despite those two reckons attack is still the way to go against and he waits for the full ball on then clumps it nicely back over the head for the 14th boundary of the innings. scored a run since the 12th also plays the piano. Any excuse for this. 16th 81-2 There are ostensibly 12 overs left today after this one but it is very dark now and rain is forecast for around about now. A maiden. 15th 81-2 continues and is looking better with every over. That wicket might have given second thoughts about trying to dismissively swat him from the attack. A lovely drifting ball turns and beats who eventually gets four with a very lovely sweep from outside off from the last ball. Good bowling and good batting in that Lisle becomes the first person ever to deliver 40,000 words on civil rights and take a Test wicket in the same 2016 14th 75-2 The new new man a is off the mark in style after Stokes takes a wicket with the first ball. A dismisses a short ball to for then a lovely crisp cover drive doubles it. The clouds are coming not really feeling lyrical flow behind the stumps bit blood and thunder for my liking. I wonder if you had any wicket keeper Prior was a bit more bright and up and I remember the odd engagingly hysterical laugh from not a fan of any wicketkeeper chat. the cricketing equivalent of and need shutting up promptly. And a dent in Test average. A good just back of a length from Stokes and he resist a little prod. Cook goes to his left and clings on. 13th 66-1 first Test wicket quietens the crowd and brings the to the crease. a fine with a Test average of 53 and three including ones against New and imagine will slow things down and just look to accumulate now... Shows what I know. plays a rare tentative shot and pays the prodding forward it goes from inside to to Cook at 12th 65-0 The batsmen watchful against Stokes. His third ball is wide rubbish angled across but not tempted. He does pull hard at a straighter bouncer but get hold of the ball tumbling to midwicket for just a single. With his final ball he knocks the stumps with his bowling a and looks to have hurt it a indeed at the end of the over he runs responds to the 10th way are scoring the ball will be roughed up in no time. has never really shined as a bowler for England. happened to is being rested for this Test. harsh to say has never but never really looked like being the consistently terrifying pace bowler we hoped now. No hope this tweet produces a wicket as promptly as one did this 2016 Perhaps a bit earlier than he might have Cook tosses the ball to Stokes. has the strike. This could be fun. 11th 61-0 Another reverse another boundary to through the region formerly known as point. to his asks for a field change and gets it. about to curl up in a shivering ball thinking about what and co are going to do to this attack. Four for 10th 56-0 The boundaries are flowing and are scoring at an rate. drops his hands and edges wide of the slips and down to the rope at third man to bring up the 50 for A then plays an absolutely brilliant lofted cover hard and over the close field for four more. This is cracking would have had Stokes open the bowling with his figures in the first innings to keep it tight and to keep the pressure then at the other end to make things Mo but I think wise to keep Stokes back and let the spinners rough up the ball so he can get it reversing. I see Stokes as a kind of bowler. 9th 46-0 Down the leg side from and sweeps but he can only get one as a sweeper coming round. likes the sweep too when tosses one on he reverses it beautifully to pick up four more. 28 from 28 balls now. 8th 41-0 is the cry as sweeps hard and in the air out towards It goes too fast for Stokes out in the deep to pick it up and away the ball goes for four. It was a big ask for the man to get to what point do we have to ask whether will ever his clear asks during sessions like where really needs to find lightning in a that he tends to go a fair question. is 27 now and should really be at his peak. more worried about one of the biggest talents England have had in a generation and they waste him as well as I think the bowler is going to make going on gut feeling. 7th 35-0 is off but rather than is another one not sure yes he was the cab off the but that was a year ago and had an entire county season between the series in the and during which he was easily by He to and again that bottom hand comes into drilling it through extra cover for four. Two balls later he flicks one just short of Cook at The camera angle on the replay show us whether or not it carried but my suspicion is that it 6th 29-0 Now gets in on the boundary sweeping very nicely from outside off and behind square for his first four and the first off of lead in what is now essentially a of a good question from was opening the batting last year the bowling now. There be too many others to do this. I think ever opened the batting did 5th 24-0 Personally have on for in fact probably have opened with In fact I probably have picked whose effort can kindly be described as anodyne. He asks for against but with curbed as the ball was twice going well down the leg side. gets his third using his bottom hand and excellent timing to shovel a full ball through extra cover. That levels the scores in no time at guitar hero is Asks Try this guitar hero is Just look at this. 4th 18-0 A thick outside edge from the first ball goes to but it was played with soft hands by and dribbled along the ground. After a plays a nice cut off a wide ball but can only get a single to point. When in this kind of is a lovely player to just the third bowler to take a haul in each of his first two Tests after and 2016 3rd 16-0 gives round the wicket a brief go to and to little avail. After a single he goes too full to whose first innings hundred is looking increasingly outstanding. He looks good leaning into that ball and clipping it off his ankles with gorgeous timing and through to the midwicket boundary. Another ball is knocked in front of square leg for two more. The lead is down to eight. 2nd 9-0 from the other with two slips in place for the use his spinners especially well as ninth wicket eroded so be interesting to see how Cook does. a big shout for when prods forward but he was hit outside the as both and point out so Cook thought point out that is not a talented musician. If he then all those girls have been screaming to get out at his 1st 7-0 is opening the bowling for England after a couple of he gets an inside edge from with a ball that rises sharply and clumps via bat into pad. In comes gets his first boundary off a wide ball that he murders through point with a mighty cut. A concludes the over. actually taken it which I and now missed my chance to go to Vending machine for crisps it it. John is angry. John get up early for this kinda crap. John has not been watching Tests for too long. only hope of ever being a competitive test team is if a rule change that allows them to have a new ball at the beginning of every he writes. of the most few hours of cricket ever will have a mini session to negotiate before tea. In the I know much about folk but I am going to to see tonight teenage not got a ticket you Apparently he wants to be a musician. I want to play cricket like Stokes and write songs like but it gonna happen. cocktails on me if this Test is hate to say it but is a talented guy. I even quite like a couple of his songs though I name any. I got a new guitar yesterday birthday thanks and do this. 82nd England 244 continues and beats before ending resistance a couple of balls later. England have a slim lead but in the balance. it. The new ball turns and bounces away from bat. He follows it and gets the finest which takes well. New ball England 243-9 To no great and as you can see from that big chunky text take the new ball straight away. Their reviews have been topped up like a number of lives when you get 100 gold coins in the original Super over the has the new ball as well as a and shortish and the second of those who snares him with an excellent diving to his left. has six and fine stand comes to an end on 99. fine stand comes to an end. He likes the look of an on his and flicks it round the straight into the hands of
The morning I head off to meet something happens that is almost too common to be called so instead call it a typical absurdity arising from being a woman in a world that has not entirely caught up with the 21st century. is in town for the premiere of a lyrical directed by She plays a summoned by the US government to help them understand two aliens who have just landed in the country movie is far less silly than the plot with more political allegory than also the lead in Nocturnal Tom almost unbearably gripping new in which plays an art gallery stuck in a beautiful house and miserable marriage when her past comes back to unnerve her. Twitter Tom and talk about on Nocturnal Animals video how I after seeing these stylish and smart films. Two movies for grownups in which a female character is celebrated for her intelligence instead of her go of progress never moves in a straight line the morning after the the coverage in the and tabloids was all take a risks wardrobe malfunction as she goes in risqu slashed gown at Arrival premiere in risks a nip slip in daring white and boobs won the Arrival were just a selection of the headlines the morning of our we meet in a central she is wearing a simple blue dress and matching cardigan which she hugs around her only her hair and full still fresh from a photo suggest a life that involves a little more maintenance than that of your average you going to ask about my dress the she asks and her shoulders hunch a little as she retreats a few inches back on the sofa. I hope we can get to a point where a woman can wear a gown and still have some I was going to mention the gross reaction to I she moving shoulders relaxing. this is something I struggle with because not going to wear turtlenecks for ever. So I hope we can get to a point where a woman can wear a gown and still have some relevance. and having a daughter doubly that still here. I was talking about this earlier with my can you imagine a woman saying about a you saw how his pants fit you could clearly see the curve of his And not supposed to touch Come This subject means so much to her despite her wholesome she dares to say to a stranger although she winces a little. her strongest expressions run the gamut from to I say that in the current climate the fact that the lead character in these two films is a woman clearly over 30 feels like something akin to a miracle. And both characters are allowed to be that agrees also this really strong intellect with both of not in a brash but in the way that in is sure of what coverage about breasts feels only more inappropriate upon meeting can kinda see me as a she when we talk about what else she might have done if the acting worked and I she listens intently to each question and her even prim way of responding makes it easy to picture her patiently teaching a room of teenagers about great expectations. Twitter In drama Arrival. is not something you can say about most actors at level. I have a theory that some actors go into the profession because they want to be looked at and some do it because they want to hide inside other I tell that she seems to me like an example of the husband and I are very quiet people. Whereas some people say she just has the kind of energy where she walks into a room and everybody notices. I think that a desire for just the nature of her being. I can disappear really quickly in a she that how you like Twitter In I do. Before I almost felt like it was a because I thought to be an actress you had to make people pay attention to and just not my energy. It took a long time to be with that because you would see people receive a lot of opportunities based on something and frustrating. But during my and early when I really I just focus on my I have a she pronouncing with a capital suggestion that she lacks charisma says more about the expectations on celebrities today than it does about her. She is extremely serious but with a hint of a broad once she gets going. her focus on her work is probably what has helped her maintain a near spotless acting career. She is a woman whose name can get a movie made and pretty much any kind of movie. There have been actresses of this age before her who have up quality roles like does in a way that made their age But in terms of sheer to find her equal have to look towards with whom has three seeming to come out of nowhere in 2005 when she was with her performance as the in for which she was nominated for an she has starred in comedies and dramas. She has been nominated for a further four The The Master and and it seems a safe bet she will be again next year. Few actresses working today can slip between playing the girlfriend of a boxer to a fearsome religious fanatic as did. Twitter Hew Hood. Ken for the she captured how her uses her sexuality to cover her broken visibly quivering with fear in one scene when character her by kissing her on the mouth. In Big film about the artist she took a character who could easily have been depicted as a passive victim of a controlling husband and instead gave a skilfully conveying strength and artistic is certainly a but she is not really a celebrity. She has not exploited her personal life for her and gives away very little about herself. think the more people are concerned with the less they can invest in my she and probably right. She and her artist have been together for 15 years and have a or as calls who has already made it clear that she has no interest in being a cute accessory to her celebrity. tend to wear very little makeup at home because when my daughter was even younger she saw me putting on makeup and she look like when you do that I just want you to be So I got with a sensed a distinction between your public and private O make me cry. The experience of playing that character struck me in a strange really did. When I was getting made she felt that was somehow attached to another part of my life and she just wanted me. But it got to the point where every time take a shower be are you going to I was guess I need to shower more often if she thinks I only shower when going to she becoming a mother changed how she accesses emotion on definitely feel more raw and more open to and that helps. But really changed is how I process she says. used to have a dysfunctional relationship with my where I was bringing home all my insecurities and and if I felt a director love what I it would just plague me. That had to Twitter In Hustle. big catalyst for that change was making Hustle with the notoriously temperamental director O The 2014 hack exposed emails about the most of the media attention focused on the revelation that the female leads and were paid less than the men. Less notice was given to the email from a journalist to claiming that abused that Bale got in his face and told him to stop acting like an later said in an interview with that she during the making of the that particular and I want to acknowledge or not acknowledge because in no way do I feel by my choices so it really necessarily make me I she sitting up a little straighter. experience of playing that character struck me in a strange and heightened by yeah. So I bring that saying it was playing the role of the damaged character that upset not the character but I think in combination with the heightened environment. I remember looking at my husband and I figure this I work any have to do something else. I want to be that not for my So I figured it to stop getting so emotionally caught up in your The first couple of years I quite figure out the and I have a clear separation between work and home. But not living in this sort of obsessed space any more. not that I find my work important. just that I now at the end of the be back home reading stories to my she of seven was born into an army and moved around the world until she was when the family settled in How does she think being one of seven affected her as a definitely shapes you. It keeps you connected to your for at least for me. easy to disappear if one of seven and I liked being under the radar. You could get away with and get left behind if you keep up so it was really easy to she was raised in the Church of of although her parents left the church when was a a move she describes now as like losing Her parents divorced when was and her father became a professional which partly inspired her own interest in singing. Her mother became a mother has a really strong sense of which is probably more inspiring to me as a grownup than it was to me as a kid. Back I was can you not show up in the cool jumpsuit and the spiky she father is retired and her mother works as a massage therapist and enjoys rock climbing. She sounds like an amazing I not a funky. says Twitter with her artist via briefly considered a career as a professional dancer before going into musical and worked for several years in before a chance audition scored her a small role in Drop Dead Gorgeous as a dippy beauty pageant contestant. She moved to where for years she she filled with while she hacked it out in projects like Cruel Intentions and met in an acting class in and married last year. He is waiting upstairs while we used to travel with but now she is at she stays at home in tell her how striking it looking through past to see how often been asked how with his success. She rolls her eyes so pointedly her whole head follows. looked at my artwork and been could do better than I We have a friend who said to do what you I really show up for your really sad. you he has sacrificed a lot. But he travels with me and helps to keep the family and I really do appreciate that. But I value it because a man doing I value it because my My husband is an extremely competent amazing that the idea of a man being the caregiver is still seen as weird or even I is funny because I never feel like my femininity is threatened by being or anything someone might say is a male attribute. So I find it so odd when men feel their masculinity is being It be that she says. Twitter In Tom Nocturnal Animals. she says making Nocturnal Animals was a painful experience for given that one involves her character berating her then husband for not having more husband is very optimistic and I consider myself a lot more cynical and pragmatic. I told of these arguments with feel very to and going to be curious about how you feel about And he watched the movie and he was feel very real to too. This is every nightmare I she laughs. very honest and and so looked at my artwork and been could do better than her character does in the But I also learn a lot of lessons from my and this one reminded me that staying the course has proven to be far more because there have definitely been times over the course of a relationship where just But then figure it repeats this point when we discuss the sequel to film which has finally been given the and according to news feature her character her are not happily ever she says. I you staying the course has been so rewarding. in a relationship in and I think people have a perception of what the pitfalls of that can not naive to Twitter with her mother. keep it the couple tend to mix just with family and good friends in their downtime. Does she see her childhood friends from say and be like you the last time you me she says in a sarcastic and then even know where my phone to be she feeling in both her work and her personal than she has in maybe ever. But just before she turned people warned her that the end of her career was imminent. getting getting they told her I feel more confident and have more to and am more confident in what I say than I ever was she and she laughs at the idea that anyone could think it would be Nocturnal Animals is in cinemas now. Arrival opens on 10 
After spending tens of millions of dollars in hopes of electing the labor movement fears that the Congress and the supreme court will be hostile to labor and take numerous steps to hobble unions. These steps can range from appointing a National Labor Relations Board that does bidding to erasing an array of administration including one making overtime pay available to millions more workers. are going to be some challenging said Lee president of the Federation of County and Municipal which has 1.3 million members. just going to have to hunker Trump's conflicts of interest take White House into uncharted territory Read who is chairman of the political fears that Congress might enact a national which would prohibit any requirement that employees at unionized workplaces pay union fees. also worries that the supreme court after Trump nominates a presumably conservative justice to fill the vacancy left by death will rule that government employees be required to pay union fees. Labor leaders fear that such moves would encourage many workers not to pay anything to unions representing depleting union treasuries and making unions weaker in lobbying and politics. Many Republican lawmakers are eager to weaken unions because they are major supporters and funders of the Democratic party. After the supreme court in a v in which a public school teacher asserted that a requirement that she pay fees to the union representing her violated her first amendment rights. are at least 27 cases in the lower courts that would do the same thing would and you have to expect that one of those cases will bubble up to the supreme said. will be a major challenge for Twitter People against the Teachers Union rally in front of the US Supreme Court building 2016 in There are another 27 cases pending Mark Images new Republican with the help of his has signaled he will push for a following in the footsteps of and And with Republicans winning a in both houses of the they might be able to enact such a law over a likely veto by the Democratic governor. an employment lawyer who served on the under president said he sure whether Trump would push to hobble labor unions. much this guy cares about labor issues and whether going to do anything about I have no he said Congressional Republicans were eager to enact measures and would press Trump to go along. said Trump was likely to appoint members who would seek to reverse decisions made by the board under He predicted that a Trump board would undo a rule that has sped up union representation giving companies less time to fight against unionization efforts. said a Trump backed by the business would scrap efforts by the to make it easier to declare employers like joint employers with their individual franchisees. Joint employer status would make Burger King and other giant franchising companies for legal violations by franchisees and more vulnerable to unionization drives. A Trump would take aim an another board initiative one that bars employers from making workers sign waivers that prohibit them from bringing class actions on like wage violations or sex discrimination. And a good chance the Trump would reverse the decision to give graduate students at private universities the right to unionize. If the take such the Congress might seek to. other hot issue on the Hill is workers using their computer system for said. The board has ruled that employees have the right to use their email system for activity if also permitted to use it for other personal workers say lockout aims to destroy corporate Read more said he doubted Congress would enact a national to law because there were enough Democratic senators to filibuster to stop it. a professor of labor history at added that Republicans might see little reason to push for a national law as they saw additional states moving to enact such laws. Pointing to a future think the unions will face the biggest He added that federal unions would be on the except for the union representing Immigration and Customs Enforcement which endorsed Trump. With Trump voicing hostility toward many labor experts say he may seek to undo numerous among them those enabling millions more workers to qualify for overtime pay and requiring federal contractors to report labor and violations. Twitter US Democratic presidential candidate had cheered plans for an increase in the minimum wage. With the percentage of workers in unions dropping to predicted a further decline for labor under Trump. status quo in labor policy is toxic for the union movement unless the status quo is changed in a positive he said. Nonunion such as the Restaurant Opportunities Center and the Coalition of Workers in have become increasingly effective in pressuring and said a Trump might seek to change definitions so that these groups would be considered labor which would subject them to stricter rules on picketing and other activities. One of the few bright spots for labor last was that voters in and voted to raise their minimum wage to an hour by 2020. In voters approved an increase to by 2020. As Congressional Republicans signal continued opposition to raising the federal minimum more such state actions are expected. we take these issues closer to the able to move there is popular said. the state and city we can do things. The cities are the laboratories for rebuilding the labor 
avoid crisis talk after beating as media lament Read more and star for to leave flailing in qualifying Read more it. Coach and make it five straight wins and continue dwelling in their own downfall. There was nothing about this match that should suggest they can do anything against next even if they are at entire squad energized and inspired by as he looked down from heaven delivered a performance that would make the legends of the extremely proud. Before this the last time played in had embarrassed them 7-1 at the World Cup in 2014. they have a new has a lot to think about. Was really the best choice to Where is the relentless pressure or the grit and desire we are so accustomed to seeing when we watch Answers better come fast because a hungry is coming to town. Thanks for tuning in and see you next time. 90 it. win convincingly. A masterful victory. 89 A great ball wide to who finds but just about clear it from the box. who touched the ball in a can only admire at his teammate and the way he leads the really is a sight to behold when he leads his nation. finally gets the ball and dribbles towards the box but deflects wide. 84 hits the post after a great comes out for a great performance from the man. again enters the box but just about clears it. This is truly by and ironically they could really benefit from another manager who instills a lot of grit and But busy managing 81 replaces City fans are going to be spoiled with the things he a great No only 19. 79 close to making 4-0 as he breaks through the center and into the box but his second touch is too heavy and the ball goes out. chanting and going to be a long flight back to 75 There are shades of the old with lovely football. I actually remember the last time touched the ball or even made a significant contribution. look to penetrate box but a stout defense takes it right back. 69 gets fouled just outside the box but nothing materializes. There are 20 minutes left and there is nothing about this match that says will get a let alone come back. look composed and really loving their football. Maria looks exhausted and needs to be subbed. 65 and are just having too much fun right now and like it as he fouls the man. are losing the match and their heads on the process. in complete other is currently beating 4-1 in First away win since 2004. I might explode after done warning you. 59 this time miss and makes it game over as he capitalizes on a cross from the right hand side. This is huge. are losing currently out of the top match is gigantic. 57 this game should be over. once again finds who rounds the he needs to do is score and its over but saves it on the gets fouled by to a great attempt by but its saved by 53 fouls and once has to warn his players to calm down. have taken on the knowing that is rattled. finds but offside. This is biggest being able to figure out how to encourage rapid movement inside the box. 49 start the second the same way they ended the with relentless counterattacking. who replaced draws a yellow card as stop him on the right hand side. Another this time a good ball but be met by anyone. 45 And clearly cruise control for right now as are getting rocked by the counter. all going badly for team. sure will come in the second half straight away. 45 What a great pass by who cuts through the defense and feeds who calmly puts it in corner. Wow. 42 What a great cross by from the left hand and it just be met by who was too slow to react. are finishing this half strongly with all the action in just find the back of the net. John. Ha You know At times you would think that is the case but due to the fact that and push so high up when in possession. I agree with you a special my playing tricks on me or are playing a via email 37 Another for as gets fouled outside the box. This is an almost perfect angle for la but he drives it against the wall. If it carries on like it be long until we see On the takes it all the way into the box from the right hand but instead of delivering a low he shoots it himself and hits the post. 33 As decide to stick to the same plan by sitting until opposition enter their half. drives towards the box and shoots from just outside but it goes wide. struggling to stay onside a problem when you play lone striker. 29 That goal certainly shook who up to that were clearly the better team in terms of possession. has now instructed his team to press higher up the field as plan A has disintegrated. 25 What a goal by The man cuts in from the left hand side and drives towards the box and curls it past the keeper. This boy is on 24 The first real chance by falls to with a great shot from outside of the box and it took a great save from to stop worked so well on the right hand side to find the man and he took a powerful shot that was well met by the keeper. The best chance of the match. 20 The crowd chant every time touches the ball but aside from that nothing much in terms of real chances. An extremely nervy first 20 minutes from both sides. Thank you for the Of no I live in a country where Twitter is banned. Any chance line ups can be written instead of linked Many 16 is playing extremely wide right with playing as the lone striker. This is where the man can usually show signs of fading for as he is best suited to play directly behind the striker in an role. Still nothing in terms of a real chance. 12 beginning to show some trickery but pass who basically falls to the ground to try and stop the dribbling. dominating in possession looking to stay in the final third and actually looking to press slightly hoping to push back to their own box. Maria even touched the until the action has been on the right hand side. 8 has instructed his team to not press until the opposition enter their then counter. gets a yellow as he elbows who had embarrassed him with a nice ball above his head. Things calm down after that and push more better from men. need to be careful with being over physical. 4 begin the first few minutes with quick possession and taking on their defensive waiting to counter. clear will spearhead the with playing right behind free to move from left to right. gets fouled about 35 yards outside of the box and takes a which goes nowhere. 1 And The squads walk out to the stadium and the atmosphere is electric as the anthem plays in the background. by the wearing the No 4 in honor of the legendary who passed away last the anthems are playing and first followed by which is obviously met with thunderous think I have ever seen or so focused. a moment of silence for Next time you hear from me will be The stage is set and players are inside the tunnel ready to come out. a beautiful albeit humid night in forget you can email me or send me a tweet One too many vs 2016 We are fifteen minutes away from Some results from 0-0 is currently leading against 1-0 and and have just started. faces at ET. everyone and welcome to the of South as host in a crucial World Cup qualifier. For theses the road to 2018 has been nothing short of thrilling as only six points separate the top seven teams in the thanks to are loving life right now as the manager has introduced a happier free to express individual talent as well as cohesive teamwork. The Four consecutive victories and top of the on the other hand are heading in the wrong direction and things need to change quickly. has not started well and things went from bad to worse when allotted three points to and as a result of use of an ineligible player when they played against them. and currently hold the final qualifying pressure is on to get something out of this match as they really afford to drop any more points. hope this ride keeps on is ante team is a para contra a 2016
So just when we thought that 2016 get any more it with a Trump victory. I told you last week that strange happenings were afoot in the what with the Cubs winning the World Series and all. I hear that New Yorkers are taking it pretty hard. Are people stocking up on canned Greetings from the Land of Duck and Not sure quite sunk in. But foods and subterranean real estate are in demand. and sounds like a hunting club. So where shall we a little weary of the conversations. get right to what do you think will happen Trump will set up an administration. The sun will rise in the east. My dog will chase squirrels. The world will go on. Glad to hear taking it well. He stayed cautiously neutral in the but a very good boy. I think you once made the point to me that there are no permanent victories or defeats in politics. So perhaps a good place to start a conversation about the future. been since I came to at the collective failure to understand that point. It is patently true upon the most cursory inspection of recent history. In Democrats were popping Champagne over the dawn of a permanent era of progressive politics. Now they see most of their dreams being unraveled. And Republicans celebrating today will sooner or later be miserable. I made a Things are looking better already. Both winners and losers who ignore this reality make silly unforced errors. The losers err on the side of excessive like the classic threats to leave the country. Reader email has informed me way harder to leave the country than one might think. We in all that much demand. And the winners fail when they convince themselves that since victory is they can set an agenda that attracts no one from the other side. looking at a President Trump and a House and say we are in for a stretch of dumb things. Presidents generally get most of their big changes done in the first year or two. President did that with health care. His agenda was nothing compared to W. who did everything from tax cuts to getting authorization for the invasion. But was certainly a big lift. It was also a central campaign promise. I know you think it was a bad idea. I think that strategy is enormously shortsighted. I remember thinking when the Democrats held the White House and both houses of Congress in though they have it might be wise to give a little to bring some centrist Republicans into Some day the Republicans might be in a position to reverse everything if they have zero political investment in And sure here we are. My point is that of course a president should have a vision that matches his ideology. why he got elected. But I think it is impractical and imprudent to forgive me for another reference to Is Spinal turn it up to 11. Give on a few things where you have because someday going to need friends to protect the stuff you care about most. The Trump administration might learn from the outgoing horror at seeing some or all of repealed. We part company here. My perception of was of a Democratic Party willing to work on compromise legislation while the Republicans just stalled. There was no unified Republican just a ton of people who wanted to be but kept changing their mind. But the bottom line is that left behind the old Congress. now got guys who sleep in their offices and even talk to the other side at the House gym. Secretly a lot of them are actually but I take your point. And another recommendation I would make to President Make friends everyplace. That was the magic. golf with the same people every week. Since I have no prepared to look on the bright side for a while. The Republican hatred of is so great that even if had gotten elected it would have been really hard to get the necessary fixes through Congress. Trump has promised and as of his interview something better that preserves the most popular parts of the program. So see what he comes up with. I know a big fan. His agenda and agenda really do Congress is set to have a big influence on the agenda over the next and and Trump will figure out how to make their ideas jibe. plan includes a health care replacement plan for It will actually do some of the things liberals really like getting more people covered. I realize that very disappointing for progressives to see but not like it will be replaced by nothing. This is one area where the product usually resemble the recipe. I remember presidential candidate saying all health care negotiations could take place in on Grab your crystal ball and give me a couple of other predictions. seeing a big tax cut and huge spending on infrastructure repair. Followed by a stupendous rise in the national debt. certainly true that neither party has been great at getting the deficit under control in my lifetime. Nobody calls his or her congressman and just do sit Only one side adds to the deficit while simultaneously complaining too big. But move on. obviously cranky. How Any other How about the early The Republican establishment seems to have as White House chief of staff. But is going to be chief strategist. Which could mean anything. To me is the kind of guy Democrats should learn to live with they and going to be a Republican White House. But is a very bad dude who represents all the worst strands of racism and misogyny in the Trump crowd. Who do you think will really have the It looks like both will be influential. After watching the I find pair of appointments too surprising. They signal that in as during his Trump will seek to merge traditional Republican politics with his unconventional brand of populism. And what about It seems now the wall may be a and the deportees will be only criminals. has been trying to deport undocumented immigrants who break the law for years. see where the big switch is. I think given what heard so far. In that Trump said that securing the southern border will probably involve a mixture of wall and and that he plans to limit deportations to illegal immigrants who have committed crimes. Those steps would not require the kind of massive deportation force that some predicted and feared. been thinking a lot about the source of strength rural areas and declining small cities. you always told me that one of our problems is that have stopped moving to where the jobs Apparently right and prefer to stay be angry and elect Trump president. one interpretation. Another is that people simply have the skills for the promising jobs that would require a especially since we stopped teaching vocational and technical skills. So they stay put. I find this the more compelling view. I always prefer the explanation that just boil down a move I have three so I confess to using that approach sometimes. As to how all this affected my colleague Nick published a wonderful book earlier this year called Without It shows the collapse of employment among men over the past 50 years. This got much worse in the wake of the Great Recession and the disappointing most of which yielded no income growth for the entire bottom 80 percent of the income distribution. In other the economic recovery was only really salient for the richest fifth of the population. Important which I plan to reiterate regularly when Trump begins his economic program by reducing taxes for the rich and regulations on the banks. The problem just material especially given the expansion of welfare benefits. the loss of dignity that comes from not creating value through honest work. For neither party has addressed this dignity crisis for men without a college education. an obvious connection here with the explosion of suicide and opiate abuse in rural I think all pretty clear today that a cry of rage from white And Trump was pretty good on the end. But beyond a huge infrastructure repair plan which was actually clearer on I heard a whole lot of solutions. When Trump talked about kicking out illegal immigrants and canceling experts scoffed at the unworkability and undesirability of the specific proposals. But I talked to tons of people supporting Trump who basically know if that stuff will work. But finally a guy who at least is saying try something to bring back someone who cared about them. The bottom line was change versus no change. almost always the way voters decide presidential elections and I am sorry to say that was the candidate. All she promised was more of the administration plus that infrastructure repair. It made sense in many ways. The country has recovered from a stupendous economic collapse under But if not a happy going to convince you by showing you graphs on the unemployment rate. I know this election is really hard for progressives to but a way to understand at least in part. A few years ago I was having lunch with who is president of the Center for Progress and liberal think tank presidents are secretly I asked her to given me a simplest explanation for why some people who never prospered over the past few years nonetheless loved President so much. She gives them I thought that was very and I think a big part of going on today as well with Trump. I like your as far as the emotions goes. As to ability to follow through see how it works out. Especially if the new first move to support the common man is deregulating the banks. I just laughed out loud about that one. But the holidays are and everybody deserves a little bit of a break from 24-7 politics. why God invented football. Obviously we share the same basic theology. be taking a conversational too. But while being thankful on be counting our talks as one of my blessings. Me Happy Thanksgiving.
late wickets have given England a lift Read more Late wickets lift England after centurions and star for Read more local hero digs in for impressive century Martin Read more You wait 100 overs for a wicket from and then they get two in four balls. Having three of them entirely worked so far. At times it has confused a man whose immense Test career is based on keeping things simple. He gave the second new ball to who might have been the first choice from the then took him off after one costly over. He gave plenty of even though he is as befits a The Third Man. And he rather who was more likely than anyone to exploit the one thing this had to offer bounce. in the two wickets have fallen in no and the lid has been kept on the pot for almost the whole day. So maybe Cook gets half the last has been a Test of five which could have been deadly dull. But one thing has kept it apart from the none of the tons has been a big one. On a pitch like you win the match with a baby hundred. Only the daddy will do. But very well played and watching him in person for the first time in a with a fond stoicism that shows you where the patience comes from. Thanks for reading and for sharing your lines by the great The last word goes to take your eyes off the banjo. For read Another The has one job and fails to do to give another catch. 319-4 and stumps. The last five minutes belong to the day belongs to 108th 318-3 A wicket for who has been exacting all day with his extra bounce. is too much for who tickles it to at short leg and departs for 126. the end of a formidable innings and a shot in the arm for the match. 107th 317-2 persists with his audition for The slightly eerie addition to the as an email arrives from... name is bear with him currently sitting in an office in following an inevitable trying to manage my messages checking to see if still the I love his although growing up I had nothing but antipathy towards him as teachers used to laugh whenever they discovered my name. And colleagues. And spouses. a keen poet always resented knowing that should my particularly woeful works ever get me my own name is already and have to change of know how you intend to edit this rambling message for if at all. just to be in exchange with a Thank I barely had to edit the message at all. 106th 316-2 keeps the lid the thread continues with an email from Lee Smith. lines from he but perhaps relevant to other events this week. The song is 105th 313-2 The game has officially gone to sleep. The is a email from Moss in anticipating a fictional conversation between and ahead of the 2005 104th 311-2 backs up allowing only two singles. The moment of truth in this Test now looks like being the third when England have to do what are doing here rise above their weariness and bat with some serenity. More on from Drew. link to but an absolutely moving song that resonates with 103rd 309-2 Alarmed by that flurry of Cook turns to who might have been banking on a longer rest after a fine spell. He restores but even if fall apart they will have saved the and with the game. 102nd 308-2 takes some punishment from both batsmen as drives him for a silky four and lofts him for a swishy six. scored fast enough but they may be about to put that right. 101st 297-2 Broad keeps quiet until he tries a short which is round the corner for four. not that far from who is standing back John joins the conversation about have anything clever to he begins. be the judge of I do heartily recommend this about especially good for people who are down on themselves for having a great idea but followed through on A lovely touch. 100th 292-2 Stokes gets a and plays a nice little chip into the leg side for only a as like has some cover in the cow on from Just the one so we assume from a he an aside to the audience in studied deeply in all the major but somehow optimism kept breaking Sounds like he might almost have been involved a Test match at some point. It is a Oh yes. 99th 291-2 Broad bowls to with the keeper standing up and a man in the deep at cow corner. a and transformation into Mike is complete. 98th 291-2 Stokes continues to try slipping in a low full toss which drives silkily but straight to at cover. Someone needs to make something contender from strangely relevant for uneventful days of Test is from First We Take clearly knew that was a the opening salvo not just of the but of the album Your that changed the course of his career. 97th 290-2 Broad and Stokes are bowling serving up swing as well as their familiar But the batsmen are equal to and plays a glorious flick through midwicket for next line comes in from Wood. who one earlier down under before his ache in the places where I used to of Absolutely one of the great lines of all time. 96th 285-2 At a flash of intent from who drives Stokes for a handsome four and gets a couple of lifters for his trouble. Peter in takes the ode to pitches are going there in and we are very wary after the drubbing we got in We expect the pitch that England have been presented with. Lucky 95th 281-2 Another testing over from who has been very good today in his 100th Test. has 2 from 17 and is determined to turn him into a former leader. 94th 280-2 More good questions from Stokes. An edge from into the gap at second Cook may be ringing the bowling changes but he about to set attacking fields. And finally a single from a tuck to leg. There are still 19 overs to go in can England nab a couple more 93rd 278-2 Broad replaces as Cook reaches for the spice rack yet again. Broad lets have a single so he can attack who remains scoreless but untroubled. 92nd 277-2 Well bowled Stokes. Why is it that more than most can take a wicket by sheer force of treats him with a series of decisive leaves. And beady the score has gone down a mysterious two got added a few overs ago. And drinks. Has Stokes brought England back into the Or will see this as just the platform for the sixth hundred in the And what are your lines from Yet another bowling change brings Stokes back and he does the trick inducing a tired waft from and a catch for Cook at first slip. are 279-2 and England have a glimmer of hope. 91st 279-1 plays another of those delicious swishes of lofting over like a dad on the beach who is suddenly weary of being kind to his kid. 50 off the last ten overs. 90th 269-1 almost persuades to to at leg in what might have been a landmark moment for rookies. three to fine leg and motors on towards a really big one. 89th 263-1 replaces and concedes a few singles. I was going to take this as further proof that Cook had had a personality but then noticed that he had gone off the field and left Root in charge. Whoever is in England are a hungry person having opening every box in the Variety Pack and still not finding nourishment. What next Root 88th 260-1 Tidy stuff from who has done well to go for only three an over. But the new ball got the supposed to make things happen. 87th 258-1 keeps quiet. Over on Surrey point out that today would have been 39th birthday. He was a delight to watch when the force was with him. He is much but I hope and the rest of his family can see some of his spirit in this England packed with stylish 86th 258-1 Another crazy dish from the funky Broad goes off after one and comes on. He is at that stage of a career where a good ball shout for against is followed by a dud for also may be tearing left of his hair out. 85th 253-1 may well end up in the press because he keeps asking the right questions. He finds enough lift to rap on the thigh too high for the but another little moral victory. has 3-0-3-0 in this and 19-5-34-0 in quietly heroic. 84th 252-1 The experiment ends after one pricey and Broad is back. hungry for a hundred of his caresses him to the midwicket boundary with a finesse that smells like And then he goes straight to his hundred by gliding the ball in exactly the opposite direction. Sheer class. We now have five hundreds in the which is quite enough. Can we please have five quick Another feathers Broad wide of the only slip fielder for four. A lovely way to reach a hundred that has been less dominant than but more secure. 83rd 242-1 misses slips in a and drives outside but it swing or threaten off stump. Wakes has been strong the leader of the attack in have an early contender for the very best of lines from Tower of Song are my says suggests that none of the questions have any answer. Which feels very a beauty. 82nd 241-1 celebrates with a classy late cut for four off who has been given the new ball ahead of Broad. The batsmen mind that at as proves by swishing a six onto the rope at for once in his is being too funky. 81st 229-1 did well making work for that hundredth run. And it was who bowled the three helmet balls only three balls that bothered reckons. A new a fresh bowler an crowd and lets a couple go outside before pushing into the covers and reaching three figures at last. This is the first Test ever played in his home and the first watched in person by his who has brought a serene presence and a less than serene polo shirt. Well son. A magnificent effort from a man who was hit on the helmet not not but three times. celebrates after scoring his century. 80th 228-1 A maiden from containing a review so bizarre that it qualify for our Key Event box for against Cook presumably just using it because it was with moments left to the new ball. cricketing references in wonders Rob be some baseball allusions. I will never forget that night I saw him at the Hall. I think it was the night of first election victory and I remember him ending with The line about of the best and the feels appropriate Anyone else got a line or two from begins Haycock. No All the Nope. if Test cricket was a game. This match would be literally pointless right now. if the wicket deteriorates like showing a few signs of we might be in for a cracking fifth day. We might also be in for a but nice to have that comforting this is a true pitch. Maybe too true to be good. it is not the only country where an England team has had an international this week. An entertaining email arrives from Rob Lewis in Turkey. maybe you can sneak this in at a quiet Tea would seem to pass that test. narrowly edged out England on in the middle of Forest in in a really do but the enthusiastic boss Bey bounced into my lesson to announce that we were all going to do some in the forest. ordered in some wickets and a ball from Amazon. As the only ones with any knowledge of the game at the guy and I were asked to pick teams and explain what to it was a sultry 25 we found a small patch of flat and something approximating cricket happened. Balls were chucked at bats were held and fielders slunk round looking for a chance to have a smoke. The park guards arrived to send us packing at one point. But the Turks pronounced cricket to be a great game and the exercise will become a regular event. Keep up the great You Rob. An interesting point from the editor of think I just heard compare batting to says in an email. sure about that. If anyone is a throwback to that era of Test who bats to his own utterly immune to what goes on around him. He managed the big hundreds but the one compare with and others of that assuming Bob not Homer. 79th 228-1 Another as Stokes gets playing down the wrong and then Cook manages to stifle by deploying a field setting that will be familiar to anyone who ever played for the So takes tea on and England have won the skirmish of the last few minutes. But the like the belongs to and the badly need a collapse when the new ball is taken. 78th 227-1 gets tied down by and but survives. Well bowled Mo who already has a hundred in this match. 77th 227-1 who was expensive comes back but moves serenely on. 76th 224-1 Another classy cut from off this time. Again it reach the but the batsmen have found their bustle. Here comes Stokes.
Share on on via more sharing on on on on on leadership can transform the lives of teams and those receiving care and Skills for importance of developing leadership across the social care workforce is well especially considering the strong relationship between the quality of leadership and the quality of care. By highlighting this Skills for Care has asked managers what they think about the value added by investing in leadership development. Here we share the responses illustrating how developing leadership can transform the lives of teams and those receiving care and support. hindering your progress as a managers taken part in our leadership told us that they had been unknowingly hindering their own progression. for was given a significant promotion to a senior leadership role five months after completing our Moving Up of the key factors of the was believing in yourself and your she says. course helped me to believe in myself and break down some of the barriers I had success was not a Some of the managers who took part in our 2012-13 cohort of Moving which aims to build a more diverse leadership profile in social had been promoted by 2014. Top our development for senior enables participants to identify the leadership that can hinder success. the points to the value of focusing on the impact of your leadership style on the Top Leaders we look at what makes someone a capable leader in the eyes of and the learners give feedback to each other about their leadership style and how they come invest in your leadership the social care sector experiences continuing change and tightening the imperative to do more with less means it is increasingly important to be with best practice and the most efficient ways of working. To achieve you may need to encourage your employer to invest in your development as a or make the decision to invest in yourself. Sonnet Care Homes the recent winner of Skills for accolade for most effective approach to leadership and management is a great example of what can happen when this sort of investment is one of care homes was the subject of a Panorama documentary focusing on abuse of the elderly in care settings. At the Sonnet had just taken over operations of the home. It acted suspending increasing training and reviewing its management structure. The key factor in transforming the quality of care and achieving an outstanding rating from the Care Quality Commission for its leadership earlier this year was an unrelenting investment in an approach to which involved everyone in the including those receiving care and the Sonnet story with the right investment in developing you can turn things around at an team and and achieve real impact on the quality of can a future be a future for all involved in providing and receiving care and support has never been more important. Leadership development for managers matters to ensure the provision of high care for all those who need Skills for Care aims to meet this need by providing leadership development support for social care managers working in the public or third sector. Designed in partnership with more than 100 registered it is grounded in the reality of social care delivery and the challenges of leading a care team. area manager at Health who helped to design the says it will support those in registered manager roles to meet current and future leadership challenges. managers often work in isolation when faced with issues of he says. be accepted and must be challenged. Be there and attend the These are the first you ready to take the next looking to take the next steps to a there are still limited places available on the Moving Up starting and our and Top Leaders starting early next year. To find out please email on this page is produced and controlled by Skills for sponsor of the Guardian Social Care Network learning and development Care Network Skills for Care partner 
Three coffee cups jostle with a pile of unread a tangle of chargers and a small avalanche of paper perilously close to sliding on to the floor. Somewhere beneath all this junk is my and somewhere on that maybe behind one of those tester pots of or underneath is a letter that needs signing. fine according to the economist a tidy desk genuinely is a sign of a wasted life. sort of. In his new he explores the eternal that creativity springs from chaos and concludes that tidying up too much either or figuratively by creating overly rigid systems or ways of thinking really is counterproductive. Take with your endless guff about the right way to fold often masks the book and a nagging anxiety about things out of control may be why who crave being out of so often choose to live in And a bit of chaos fosters resilience. Put a few obstacles in your own way and be inspired to improvise and to think seems the clearest explanation yet of the approach to but as lifestyle I have my reservations. It at beat the former misplaced enthusiasm for women cleaning behind the helicopter parenting and overly competitive school the cult of and if never heard of the be thankful is all about women making unnecessary work for themselves. how many men spend nights rearranging their sock just because someone wrote a book claiming it would bring them And not as if there enough damn housework to do conformity is killing our creativity. Let's mess about more Henry Porter Read is the province of people with more exciting things to do than the tidying looks servile by comparison. Everyone should have the freedom to make a mess just as everyone should have the chance to live alone at some point in life. But ideally the two would go because the trouble with mess is that so much more liberating for its creator than for anyone forced to live alongside much of family life seems to be spent resentfully shunting piles of stuff from one room to sorting reuniting shoes and headphones and tiny people with their tripping over the pile at the bottom of the stairs. This kind of tidying is indisputably the enemy of since by giving it all up probably claw back enough time to write a novel so long as you could clear a path to the much more fun to be the merrily chaotic one who cannot possibly be expected to do the or write stuff on the calendar or even stay faithful to just the one because their creative genius cannot be bound by such petty bourgeois rules than to be the slightly resentful one scurrying sweeping up the pieces. Mess in the home is all too often just a form of disrespect for other in the same way that creative destruction in business can be code for profit by costing other people their key is to distinguish aimless or selfish mess from the more creative kind children make when sticking fat fingers in paint spreading rubble all over the breaking things up but only in order to put them together more satisfyingly. There is a part of me that shamelessly enjoys a thorough sort and week I was in which is frantically giving itself a ahead of becoming next City of Culture. Town squares are being dug up and for scaffolding is springing up roads and pavements are closed. If local and trying to get to work in a it must be but for outsiders there is a palpable excitement hanging in the a sense that something good is about to happen. Sometimes worth throwing everything up in the air to make it land in whole new if such a thing as healthy also a deeply therapeutic aspect to clearing up. There is a part of me that shamelessly enjoys a thorough sort and the feeling of calm and order the dwindling threat of public shaming should anyone come round to say nothing of what a friend calls or the furtive lust for more things in which to tidy away smaller inexplicable objects of desire from the proper linen utility rooms. Mock all you but let he who has never mentally rearranged his bookshelves by genre cast the first the mildly fascist feeling of control that I but also the conjuring up of a fantasy alternative one inhabited by an imaginary woman who glides through life serene and rather than permanently running late and on the phone to and who would thus actually have time to fold her sheets and store them on the shelf of her imaginary linen cupboard. Sorting small things is a comforting substitute for sorting out those messes that are rather harder to tidying up could change your life Read could explain why I get the itch to make lists and turn out closets mainly when life is at its most frantic and out of control which of precisely when there time. Happiness lies in that elusive place where messy yin balances out ordered that according to an interview I read last own personal mess sounds very neatly regimented. At he says happy to let things slide in places where playfulness and creativity need encouraging like or the garden. But he sorts emails using a meticulous system of admits to having the and apparently in his kitchen corkscrew has its place and the wineglass has its of the I salute you. You have nothing to lose but your when everyone else comes home and messes it all 
The authorities said on that they had executed a farmer convicted of killing a village official after the demolition of the despite months of public outcry in sympathy with the farmer. The execution of took place in the capital of the northern province of He was sentenced to death last On he was allowed a brief visit with his the state news agency reported. While trial had focused on the brutal nature of the crime he was found guilty of killing the He by shooting him in the back of the head with a nail gun it was the demolition of home that stirred anger among a public that saw it as yet another government snub against the powerless. home was destroyed in May 2013 to make way for a new property development. According to news his father had agreed to the demolition in exchange for compensation and a new apartment promised by local but refused to abide by the agreement. the home was knocked down. Shortly after the planned wedding was canceled by his fiance. Over the following appeals to citing his opposition to the demolition and what he said was insufficient went his family and he snapped. On he fatally shot He. The murder and subsequent trial have been a reminder to many of the consequences of rapid urbanization. The forced demolition of homes has been a leading cause of protests across the country in recent years. Dozens of farmers have set themselves alight in an extreme form of protest against the practice. In a brief telephone interview before the older said her brother was a Forced demolitions have also exposed fault lines in attempts to reform its judicial a topic that has gained traction in recent years amid rising social tensions. with limited education and at the bottom rung of the social often find the judicial system broken and discriminatory. Lawyers and scholars have taken notice. An open letter to Supreme signed by 12 leading legal scholars and lawyers and posted on argued that the sentence glossed over local corruption and contrition for his crime. It called the determination of a and called for life to be spared. The letter said that the lack of a judiciary allowed an to trample on countless incidents of mass petition and violence against law a law professor at University who signed the said in a telephone interview that he was disheartened by the execution. think the Supreme Court had already made up its and to reverse its stance is very hard despite the social a newspaper controlled by the Communist criticized the petition in an opinion piece published the day before the execution. It said that the court must not back down in the face of public anger and dismissed the letter as and detached from reality. Despite official attempts to quell public anger over the the outcry might have some impact on death penalty China researcher at Amnesty said in an email. public got a rare peek into the opaque death penalty he view how hard it is for lawyers to properly defend their gain access to legal documents and and have their arguments taken into intense scrutiny of the decision will most likely force judges to act with greater restraint in the he added.
I have never had to tell so many strangers that you are both dead. Weddings are such family it was just expected that you would be there. The florist asked about your the lady in the wedding dress shop wanted to know when you would be coming to see my Mum. The the the the bridal the they all wanted to know about you then offered condolences when I explained. All normal things for other brides I but such sad moments for never met my but I hope you would like him. Like he loves books. We went through your library together hunting for treasures and he sat with me as I found your random bookmarks and inscriptions and missed you deeply. Your best friend has been kind to she cooks us lunch sometimes and says he is gentle and a good man. She baked a tier of our wedding your sister baked and I covered it all in your lavender one night when you were I sat next to you on your bed and admitted how scared I was. Scared that you would that I would be that you be at my something so hypothetical at that time. You smiled and held my hand and told me be there. How I wish with all my heart that you had been right. Before you you told me that you had always liked the man I went on to marry and I think you knew how much comfort those words have brought. He let me walk down the aisle he held my hand the whole way. I wore your and we filmed the day on your old the one you used to film your own have missed you both with a sharp edge this past year. I missed having someone to call and talk about my wedding plans to have someone who called just to see how I was someone to offer help and guidance. I have missed being part of a family. I have been angry and anxious and upset without why. A is supposed to be so I nodded and smiled when people asked how I was instead of saying how lost and alone I felt. People kept telling me what a wonderful time an engagement but I felt like a fraud as I agreed. Throughout it my was the eye of the the safe place where it was to be sad and silent and I love him even more than I thought possible for have both been gone for many but I was blindsided by how much I missed being your daughter on my wedding day. We wanted it to be a celebration of love rather than loss and we tried to weave you both into the day in small ways. I wore your and we filmed the day on your old the one you used to film your own wedding. But it took all my strength not to burst into tears when I put on my wedding dress in the home you built knowing that you there to see into the wedding car with my bridesmaids reminded me of all the compromises that had to be made. I should have been sitting next to Dad. I am in my but in that moment I was a child who just wanted my daddy beside her. As we drove down the drive and past the rose bushes you had I missed you both so much it day was though. Our ceremony was full of joy and hope and love. The sun shone and we laughed and danced with all of our people. We fell asleep giddy with excitement and giggling at the new names of and that we had acquired. I hope you would be proud of of what done in the years since we last saw each other. It has been so hard and lonely and but I wanted you to know that not alone any more. He became my family on our wedding day and we are building a future We will pay for every Letter to we publish. Please write about 600-700 words. Write to Family The Kings 90 or email Please include your address and phone letter to and 
When a inquiry ruled last week that austerity policies amount to a of disabled it was talking about people like has and complex mental health and for the last years lived the reality of Conservative cuts. First came the bedroom taking with it a week. Then she was told her lifetime disability benefit would be scrapped. And as the latest cruel received sickness benefits since 2012 has been declared for get over one thing and then another she says quietly. first spoke to in six months after the bedroom tax was brought in. It had been years since she had been well enough to earn a wage before she worked in her late shop and then lived off some savings and scraping by on benefits was always hard. The evidence of that was all around her then and still is today. no oven or microwave in kitchen. No freezer she got rid of that to save money. When her washing machine she afford to replace it not even with a it was the bedroom tax that for the first time in her was pushed into debt. With her savings gone and struggling to pay the by 2013 she had six months of rent as well as for and austerity policies to violations of disabled people's Read be able to eat and have some heating through the had to sell she inherited from her a couple of a gold sovereign. awful. All she when we talk again this week. sometimes wonder what think. But you have to had to work hard to survive. When we last spoke in the stress of the bedroom tax stacked on top of her agoraphobia was making it even harder for her to leave her but over the last few years managed to start volunteering at her local charity shop feel safe because she In she is now half way into a Open University law still in debt but found charity grants to help her ward off the utility companies. Other charities helped with the smallest of a new mattress had a big spring coming she some carpet for the bare at a washing machine. got a television again now she says. given it up but you have to have she finally broke free from the bedroom council agreed to write off her rent arrears and this summer her housing association found her a flat to which she could downsize. But as hundreds of thousands of disabled people just like the scale of the attack on disability support means as you get one bit of social security the odds are that the government will just pull another that happened this month when the Department for Work and Pensions informed her that after four years no longer be receiving her sickness employment and support allowance The told her she neither turned up for a for nor filled in the form explaining her absence. In says she received neither letter and even been told when her medical would now been sent to sign on for allowance. forcing an agoraphobic not only to look for work but get on a bus and sit in a first time I was almost in she says. You get over one thing and then another hits. appealing her for ruling as she waits for the her get paid until next how this system works. The has given her one hardship loan to get her through until then knock off a week from her benefit for the privilege but the loan came in last and running out fast. Food is her priority. That and topping up the electricity a couple of pounds a day. want to put a tenner on it because I might need that for the bus to get to the she mental health problems mean she eat solid foods she has a fear of being sick and she lives off eight protein and nutrition drinks a day. expensive on a low let alone no income at a a week. She go to a food bank. Even if they gave her she has no cooker or microwave to heat it. been phoning everyone she can think of for help the the her one does crisis loans any she utility company has let her have a card for gas but not so she is rationing the light. The electricity is on a meter with a weekly fee of when everything costs more and the money racks up whether she uses it or not. be by she disability living allowance come in for another fortnight. been told her lifetime award will end soon and need to be tested for personal independence payments. another hurdle to she I got an email from won her appeal and will be put back on Except no date for when the money will come she just hopes As a symbol of the sadistic futility of in the a disabled woman is left with nothing to live the bedroom tax this she says. all made me feel like benefit claimants 
Welcome to our space open every from for discussing a selection of the Opinion articles. we have three articles. Guardian columnist discusses Mark governor of the Bank of and how he has become the new target for Some hate him also for having been recruited by The former chancellor occupies a demonic role in the cult of He deployed the power of the Treasury to make the case for remain. He activated his network of allies in parliament and brandished his power of patronage to the same hinting at preferment for those who stayed loyal to what after the official government the full article do you Is Mark the latest target for the Leave Will he step down like the Bank of England What impact will this has said below the question I think I hope this column and that I would have gone into had I not squandered so many words on silly Strictly is whether May will be forced into an early discussion on this article directly a translator and editor based in also has an interesting opinion article today on how her life has been turned upside down by the decision. She says that the flexibility and freedom of movement afforded by the embedded itself in our leaving many now what Since the there has been a level of and a state of among of all ages. And the young are likely to be disproportionately as their world is turned upside down right at the start of their careers. We feel helpless about the escalating incidences of xenophobia and homophobia back home. We ease the pain with jokes about a for their the full article do you Should fear What is likely to happen How do you feel about Are you commented below the chance to have an experience living in another country still be an accessible reality for all young even if did because moving abroad is not without its costs and other demands. But the living abroad truly then be a privilege reserved for a small the discussion on this article directly we are discussing latest article on modern society and how what he sees as estrangement from each means we can be easily manipulated by as can be seen in the US and the full article discussion on article here. If you have any questions or comments about this please email 
got a pretty good when it comes to long distance events. Three Great South a marathon earlier this year and a endurance event in in which I covered 70 miles. So why has the Marathon told me that I need a if I want to take Because a wheelchair user. I thought it was 2016 hard sometimes to explain everything a disabled person comes up against in everyday life without sounding like a but each day I accept being I accept people assuming that I I accept people rushing over to assist. I put up with these attacks on my independence with as much grace as I can muster after people are just trying to help. There enough kindness in the world for me to go around refusing I am a and as much as I will accept I refuse to let anyone tell me what I am and am not capable of. So on looking into entering the Marathon and seeing in the under I take part with a the you have a standard wheelchair this will be allowed provided another participant is pushing the chair be honest with I was from the day I was born without tibia which resulted in both my legs being amputated a few months I have proved people wrong time and time imagine how angry I was to be told I compete in a sporting That not a valid that I can take not really just be quiet now and go will I cannot and I will not accept that. I am too old and too is the only such major marathon in the to insist upon the of disabled because parts of the course are not accessible and pose significant problems should they run into they actually sent me a direct message on Twitter with that phrasing. I nearly fell out of my the course could pose significant change the Not just for I know not that but for everyone who ever wanted to do something and were told they because someone else believe they were able to. Why not find out if a wheelchair athlete can complete your instead of assuming they Stop seeing the and start seeing the am a guy who happens to have no legs but who pushes myself as the young folk as hard as I can in order to over and over that there is nothing others can do that I cannot. My message is your limitations are not my received lots of support on social along with friends emailing the Marathon in protest. So much so that on the same day they insisted I must be pushed around the the amended the wording on their website to say people like me are to take part but on the agreement that the wheelchair user is accompanied by a runner throughout the 26.2 miles. The accompanying runner does not have to push the wheelchair during the race but must participate alongside them into is no help to disabled people Penny Pepper Read this means is that I must still be albeit with my babysitter allowed to back off a few inches. but that still good enough. If I do this how can I ever prove that I am able to do it point is not the you and I. And nor are all disabled athletes the same. Some with less mobility than me might quite enjoy being pushed round the course. some might like someone to chat to along the route and to be there as a should run into difficulty. But not me. do it my way. It is my victory or my defeat. No one gets to tell me what I no one gets to tell me what I fail is my story of refusing to accept anyone else choosing my limitations. Because you have to be able to stand up in order to stand up for 
Dear landed now. As my senses felt overloaded. Life and death is very close in Just off to the beach for a swim. wait for the World Cup to sorry not to have replied sooner but I was asleep when your email arrived. I then had to get up and make breakfast for the children because is away. It is enormously irritating to have to deal with the kids when I have so much of importance to write. But to business. I am smoking my third cigarette of the day and I find my thoughts are not entirely dissimilar to those I was having when I smoked the namely that I am quite happy to watch the World Cup on here in while you are in It also occurs to me that we might be able to turn the emails into a book so that we can get paid for doing what we were going to do anyway. By the I rather want to win. I have always admired their nihilism. Dear writing a book about life and football sounds like a great idea. As you know I am a huge admirer of your My Struggle series. interesting to hear you are supporting I had imagined you might be a fan of I went to a transvestite bar before going to watch v with my friend in a The passion for the beautiful game here is I slept through the second half of the opening game so managed to miss most of the excitement. But had I stayed I guess I might have been as excited as you though even if I it stop me writing about it. After what is a writer who I am now going to do some have a shit and then take the kids out. I now quite like the look of I also quite admire though I suspect I may be alone in it sounds as if you are very busy with your shitting and childcare arrangements. not surprised managed to sleep through most of the but I am happy to update you. now firmly behind also been thinking about football and philosophy. Is it not just perfect that one of best ever players was called Dear your letter catches me at a rare moment when I am fully awake and not having to deal with the boredom of childcare. What you say about philosophy and national identity struck a chord with me as I am often referred to as the The prevailing mood of the in borders on the fascistic. It still upsets me when journalists accuse me of misogyny because they conflate my novels with real life. Just because everything in my books happened to me and I use real names make them true. I wish was around so I could watch more football. Home and Writing the Beautiful Game by and the mood in is very sombre after they were dismantled 7-1 by It is as though the country has entered a period of national mourning. By the I have to take issue with you when you say totally outclassed in the How can 1-0 be a you get to the heart of why I am a bestselling writer who has been translated into many languages and you are not. My you have not yet learned the art of making money out of Goals ruin My ideal game is one where two sides are still locked at 0-0 after 24 hours with more than half the players on both sides having died of exhaustion. By such a a 1-0 win is totally outclassing the other team. Took the kids to the beach but it was full of nudists so we had to go straight back I watched the final with my friend in another were the better side but you must be disappointed lost. keep as I expect you have cigarettes to I slept through the final only to wake up and find I had another book. Not too sorry about the result as I remembered the pope is and I have liked to entertain the possibility that religion had influenced the outcome. See you at the book Futility Cup 
A schoolboy who has been missing for more than two months vanished after reading Down and Out in and the classic memoir of and living in disappeared from his home in rural leaving his parents a letter explaining that he was bored with his asking them not to try to find him and promising to be back within a year. The teenager left home without his phone or bank cards and had just earned from a job working in a restaurant kitchen which is what did in has been no trace of him since and his and are becoming increasingly worried. Speaking to the Guardian on said was an idealistic boy who liked the idea of adventure and may have been inspired by his older who had both around But she said he had grown up in the country and was not streetwise. was bright and had a strong interest in current affairs and she said. was adventurous. He enjoyed all the Bear survival challenge For the last two his brother has hitchhiked across He extensively into eastern His sister went I think he was inspired by all think that he felt he wanted his own adventure. was leaving for university and he was going to be the last one at home with us. I think he looking forward to being left alone with us. Perhaps he wanted to test prove his She said was an avid reader. book he was reading before he left was Down and Out in and You wonder if that had been an influence. He was reading it on a which he left police have asked us if it is possible he jumped on the back of a lorry. We rule that out. He would have been following what was going on with refugees in Twitter and on This Morning show appealing for help to find their missing Ken has not been seen since he left for grammar school on his bicycle at on 6 His last words to his mother got my fluorescent used to leave his bike at a local post office and get the bus from there to school. When he did not return his mother went to the post office but could find no sign of next day a letter arrived in the post. It mum and dad I have run away because I am bored of my life. Please do not try to find me or make me come home. I know how long I will be away for but it be longer than a year. You will find my school uniform in a bin bag in a small barn in the field on the green down the road near bike is chained to the fence ... Please to the restaurant and tell them that I will no longer be able to work there. I know you will be upset but please understand that I have to do from The letter had been posted in She have no idea happened to him. He left with very little. His letter shows his departure was but he took very little with him. That gives us very little indication of what he had in mind or how he hoped to survive. We know if he had a clear objective in mind or was just going to go whichever way the wind took is very bright. He had just received outstanding grades and started his the previous day at grammar in one of most state 15 you lack emotional maturity. He had read a lot and he had watched things on television and picked up on things he had little direct experience. He streetwise. You worry about how well he would be able to read situations. baffled by the whole thing and constantly speculating on what he may be doing. We believe he has done this so we have to keep an open mind on what he might be doing now. was no row before he no indication. You rake over all the conversations before he left. There was absolutely no indication. the same for his school friends. None of them had any and police have found it difficult to find the teenager because he took no electronic equipment with him and has no bank account. No footage of him has been found. His parents have to towns on the south coast and cities including and to try to find putting up posters and speaking to hospitals and homeless charities. Appealing directly to the his mother please whatever you do just make contact. Phone call us text us. Anything at all. We just need to know you are safe. We are desperate to know you are are asking anyone who may have employed accommodated or who may have provided him with transport to get in touch. Supt are appealing to business likely to be hoteliers and owners who may have had a young man work for them in the last few months or anyone who may have provided accommodation to him in that time is described as of slight build with light brown hair. He may now have considerably shorter possibly If anyone has please contact police by calling 101 or emailing quoting log 255 of 14 
My family may be but I have always been a and I officially registered for the party shortly after my 18th birthday. The first Trump rally I went to was in Las last year. The crowd was joyful and people were singing and and when Trump got up on stage all eyes were on rally and ensured I did everything possible to get Trump elected. My father and his family are from and my mum is half so I joined for My whole senior year of high I volunteered countless hours for the Trump making phone speaking to knocking on doors. I researched issues faces such as our and policies I feel are failing including Trump has promised to tackle these issues head on. Trump will be great for by bringing jobs and investing in inner cities by lowering wants to repeal to achieve a cheaper service. A more free market in will increase competition for consumers among insurance and ensure that our prices will get lower. He has also said he will renegotiate the North Free Trade Agreement and make sure is not put in place. He has be talking about our terrible trade deals since the whereas has voted in of every one of these disastrous deals that have cost media has tried to suggest are all against but a chunk of us cast votes for him according to exit polls. Many of the comments Trump has made about such as calling them have been taken completely out of context. He has only said a certain portion of illegal immigrants coming across the southern border are committing which is surely true. Twitter In his book Crippled Trump talks about his certainty that many illegal immigrants in are but with the US in its current state we have to put first. There are more than 3 billion people in the world who live in poverty. The US help every single one of them. We have to focus on feeding the 13 million starving the single mothers who under have gone into and our veterans who have lost their cares about our wellbeing and our future. He wants to lower taxes to make it easier for working families to make money and start and he wants to help stimulate the economy and create more jobs which will tackle all these issues. how he won over the middle and working classes. When he first announced he was he said he would be greatest jobs president god ever I was walking in a local mall and spoke with another my age who said she necessarily against Trump but just unclear of his and trust the negativity about him in the voters in their own country split in two and at rock Read talked about his policies on trade and bringing jobs and she agreed with him that we need to get big money out of politics. She had supported but said she would look more into Trump. Those are the policies that have appealed to people like desire to deport illegal immigrants alarm me. It needs to be done. He wants to deport stop employers from hiring illegal immigrants by implementing an system system that allows businesses to determine the eligibility of their employees to work in and only then push those left towards a path of Throughout his campaign Trump has said many times that he loves and that are a major backbone of this represents the ability to be straightforward about life and to be passionate in everything we do. He will be great for my community by bringing jobs investing over in inner cities where a lot of minorities live by lowering and through improvements to education which is a major issue in our community. He wants to end Common Core the educational standards initiative which dictates what students must be taught and give the power back to parents and teachers to decide how children are educated. Twitter In has offended many because she supported policies that have taken jobs away from the and risked national security with a vulnerable personal email server that could have been hacked. For 30 years has been part of the putting money before citizens. No wonder so many vote for an 18 year old from a living in a small town close to Las Trump gave me the chance to intern for his campaign. It has transformed me as a person. On the occasions met him he has treated me like an equal and listened to every word I have said. I want to become the first president of the United and the way Trump has stuck to his message no matter what has inspired me beyond words. All can agree we want a leader who has our best interests at heart. Trump was elected on the basis he would put first. sure that people will unite behind his presidency when they see that followed through on his elections 
And salvage an unlikely draw with two late England were the better team for the first 89 and will feel rather aggrieved at the result. But look on the bright played very well indeed against still unbeaten under and at least this happen to them against leads the way but England held by Read more What drama knock it around a then launch it long down the channel. chests down as he strides into the turns brilliantly from the tightest of nutmegs at the near post to scores the late The ball goes through legs and into the back of the net. interim boss looks gutted. Tom for the Guardian 90 min this is a tense end we But eats up plenty of the clock with a long dribble down the right. He finds in the but the offside. 90 min They nearly let it cuts inside from the left and tees up the ball for who is tearing into the area. He must But put off by Stones. His shot is deflected wide and nothing comes of the corner. 90 There will be five added minutes. Cue quite a loud symphony of whistling. England have been far the better be sick if they let this slip. This is a is surrounded on the edge of the box as England pour forward. dispossessed. break. dribbles down the cuts gets Stones backtracking and and curls a beauty into the top left a magnificent though Stones gave him all opportunity to shoot. is beaten by a sublime shot by 87 On the Independent Television has given the award to Seems fair enough. 85 keep coming at England is buzzing around in his trademark determined style but the home side are holding looking determined and competent. 83 Corner for down the left. takes another dreadful set and easily hacked clear by first man Meanwhile a lesson in perspective from only thing that depresses me more than Trump and I mean this is the prospect of returning for England to play that vital tripartite role dropping deep to play short balls back to the original swinging long balls from one side of the pitch to the precisely but for no good and trapping it like Palmer in the box. I remember a story about pledging to pay Noel to off when he was at Can we do the same with 81 A free kick for to the left of the England D. looks for the top but only batters his effort straight into poor startled grid. 79 Rose is replaced by it too early to declare England officially and in line for guaranteed success in all competitions for the foreseeable and wonders in a email which carries the equally wry heading to win all upcoming 78 slips a lovely ball down the channel to release on goal. But the got and broken too early. though was out quickly to smother anyway. going right for this evening. They replace with 76 Rose tears down the left at warp and is scythed down by on the just as the England man looks to cut sharply inside and towards the box. A booking. The resulting free which is effectively a leads to a which leads to Rose miles wide right from 20 yards. Ah he started after all. 74 has been quietly effective tonight. Here he slips a pass down the channel to release into the area. a bit and while the striker does brilliantly to bring the ball under control and round on the he quite keep it from going out of play before he can hook it into the A fine though. beats to the ball but keep it in play. 72 combines with down the and finds himself in acres of space in the He seem to believe and allowing to nick the ball away. England had men in the middle there. 71 A little bit of pressure earns a corner down the left. From a bit of a scuffle in the but dig the ball from under his feet to get an effective shot away. a final phase of cutting in from the left and shooting low from the edge of the but straight at who does what he has to do and smothers well. 68 been some evening for who walks off the pitch ten feet taller. A goal and an assist. And smiling and everyone on the having been replaced by 66 is immediately into the sliding a pass from deep down the channel and very nearly releasing into the box. is offside. responds by gently shoving the linesman in the and is rather unsurprisingly booked. 65 Another couple of changes by and go and come on. Meanwhile England replace Sterling with All that over the PA has totally jiggered the atmosphere generated by the Wave. 63 having said gifts the ball in the middle of the park to who slips away down the inside left. just about manages to round on the but left with too much to do to find in the and Nacho hacks clear from danger. goes round but can only cut the ball back to Nacho. 62 and their way down the middle and nearly break into the England but is on hand to step in and batter clear. are getting back into their groove a little. 60 has a batter from 20 but it goes straight down throat. 59 Rose upends down the right. Free kick. lumps it Stones nuts it purposefully clear. The crowd are entertaining themselves with one of the loudest waves since the late really going for it. People having a good time watching England To repeat my question of 17 I wonder if is tuned to 56 A bit of opens England up down the inside right. has a batter towards the bottom but blocks well. The rebound falls to who faces an open goal but under pressure from over the bar. respond by replacing with 54 are playing very poorly. Passing it around to no great effect whatsoever. got their classic blue shorts so swings and roundabouts. is free to be outraged about the amount of roadworks in right suggests Sawyer. most of the are because is an old Roman town so every time the diggers go in they find Roman ruins that need to be carefully excavated. So difficult to be too outraged. hang Sterling follow a bit of trickery with a pass straight to a Perhaps could start Apart from I think of any events in the last week that could provide opportunity for him to vent his outraged 51 appear to have given up the ghost completely. Already. It should be 3-0. romps into acres of space down the and slips a ball to his right for who is clear in the box. attempts to thread a shot into the bottom but not having and parries. a second phase from the and yanks a decent wide left from the edge of the but who looks the most frustrated after that little spell. This is a great to the right of the penalty chips to the far post where launches himself and a diving header into the portion of the net. a He celebrates by standing Mannequin still. His goal drought is over. gets in front of to head home. Tom for the Guardian celebrates with teammates and Sterling. Images And off A couple of changes by England. Tom comes on for while replaces Meanwhile swap and in of and an immediate burst by who goes for the bottom right but only forces a from which nothing comes. A former England captain said his goodbyes to Galaxy today. Graham seem all that unhappy to see was a much better tourist than a player in LA Read more Rose is booked for stepping on toe. swings a free kick into the England box from the right. Rose makes up by heading clear. And a very decent half from England. been much but England have been effervescent in with and the injured all impressive. is 45 minutes away from the England by the looks of it. we can hand out man of the match awards at this early begins clear at least on the is could be 45 minutes away from succeeding Big Tom for the Guardian 45 There will be two added minutes of this first half. 44 rolls a fine ball down the right to release into a pocket of space. He reaches the byline and pulls a low one back for who has a chance to shoot but and gone. have been mediocre going forward. 42 Rose steals the ball brilliantly off a dawdling in the circle. He lays off to who in turn shuttles the ball down the inside left for But the chance to release the striker into the area is gone when the pass is undercooked. Fine pressing by though. no poppies and no and a disappointing early lead can you suggest what I should be outraged about asks want to wait until the as I could be tweeting 39 Sterling looks on his game though. Once more he races into space down the and his low cross nearly finds in the middle. Nacho slides in to hack out for a corner on the right. From the set tries to guide one into the top left from 12 but the ball is never quite under control and he scoops it harmlessly wide left. England look very lively in attack. Sterling is handled by Tom for the Guardian 37 Space for Sterling down the left. He whips a low cross towards the quiet in the slides in to deflect the ball left of out for a corner. No and that would have been a simple The resulting corner on the left leads to a free kick on the right. into the box is only half but Sterling on the edge of the area and is dispossessed. He looks relieved as and fail to piece a together. 35 This has been a entertaining so been long overdue a lull. Here it 32 Make that three goes into the notebook for a cynical slide that stops bursting down the left. The free swung into the box and dealt with easily enough by the home 30 A couple of at Sterling sees yellow for his boot on top of he can have no it a good challenge. Then brings down as the England sub looks to zip into a lot of space down the right. He moan either. But nice to see the referee forget his entire kit and caboodle tonight. fouls and earns himself a yellow. Tom for the Guardian 28 is afforded a little time and space in a central 30 yards from goal. He slips a pass along the slight diagonal towards racing down the channel and into the box. Too goal kick. Had that been better England were in all sorts of trouble. 27 fannies around on the halfway allowing to steal the ball off him and tear clear down the left wing. Not much wrong with the but is for pulling the England to the ground. a generous decision. 25 goes down and rolls his socks around his ankles. Penny for his and with a visit back to his old club scheduled for the weekend. He walks limping lightly but not looking concerned. Though time will obviously tell. will come on in his stead. 23 takes a heavy touch while around out on the left. The busy nips off with the loose and is brought down by the errant for his trouble. That should be a really. Like and before can count himself rather lucky. 20 Sterling makes off down the left and wins the first corner of the game. takes then a pass is shuttled back down the field to whose cross is no good. Within the back at the feet of Hart. Not but England are a work in progress after all. slides in to challenge Sterling. Tom for the Guardian 17 has been right off the boil so far this but he looks back to his best right now. He skates down the left and very nearly executes a sharp with Sterling. Not but have been in a dangerous area had that little caper come off. a expansive start by the players running scampering like joyous pups in a ad. I wonder if is 15 finally put something together. slides a pass down the right for who breaks into the area and pulls the ball back towards the penalty spot for has time to take a but having made space drags a woefully weak effort wide left of the target. But that was England were opened up there with some ease. 13 look a little rattled. Times huh. looks to break with purpose down the but sticks to his task. Just for a the visitors were light at the back. 11 And all of a confident passing becomes slightly ragged. loses the ball in the middle of the park. looks to slide Rose clear down the but he was standing half a yard offside when he received the ball in the first place. As is playing with bags of confidence right now. A very different player from the one who struggled in his first year at is rewarded for that superlative pass with the chance to score from the spot. He takes roofing his penalty into the top right. had no chance. England have hardly seen the but look at the fires his penalty to left ... Tom for the Guardian The keeper guesses correctly but the penalty is too high for him and England have the lead. Tom for the Guardian celebrates with Sterling and Tom for the Guardian 8 pinches possession down the and curls a gorgeous low pass into the The ball evades the desperate lunge of and clear in the He looks to round on the right. The keeper brings him and is slightly lucky to avoid a card. Nacho covering in the middle saves his skin. But a goes down after challenge. Images 6 continue to pass it round quite a lot. cuts in from the left and looks for slides in to and a pretty robust challenge with his studs up. He gets the ball and but he also those studs on shin. a nasty but the contact was accidental. Looks like the will be gets a quiet from the referee. The resulting free kick is a waste of time and energy. 3 England really had a touch yet. A lot of tippy at the back. But breaking method in this patient tactic. have strides down the right and floats a ball towards the far post for Hart comes off his line to claim because for a second it looked like the ball would land on whereupon it would be into the net with some purpose. And get the ball rolling. has the and he knocks it back towards 20 seconds of at the then launches it long. Too long. Hart gathers. A slightly muted atmosphere at a result of only bringing 500 fans with them. The teams are England are playing in their classic white shirts with powder blue while sport their furious red. An aesthetic delight. Anthems are hands will be given a good old shake. be off in a love but reminds me of the nice man at the funeral who helps you pick out the the glorious tingle of you just taste And why he made an excessive amount of changes from the game. looking for stability. If a player coming into the good to have some consistency around it gives them the best chance of succeeding. also still building how we want to so that continuity is important. is a player we think a lot and his time will but tonight I wanted to give a run. technical ability with the ball is a leader in how we want to and set the tone in that. We have a young team who are keen to and are keen to show what they can do with the ball. We have all the but the arrives at looking for stability. Images Meanwhile the starting of City makes it despite struggling with a toe injury. goalkeeper once of gets his first start in a couple of years ahead of United octopus And up the veteran replaces The selection of is a lovely little and one told here by our very own It completes an astonishing period for the Athletic striker. He became the first to score five goals in a game for half a century in 5-3 win over on the same night that he became a father for the second time. He then came on as a substitute and scored for against aged 35 years 275 days. That saw him break which had stood since was only second goal for his having gone almost six years without a between his first cap in 2010 and his return in after his goalscoring record improved following his 30th birthday. Although he went to did not make first squad but was called up for these two fixtures. The manager called him an England starting makes three changes to the side that saw off that shower masquerading as and are welcomed to the replacing Kyle Walker and The respectively. Substitutes and warm up before the match. got here far too we. Nothing much to other than read the match FA chairman written a piece for I you should have stayed for another there was plenty of time. But here now. So it. While the result is always tonight might also be an opportunity for one or two players to stake a claim at international no one knows the young talent better than after a year to remember at development team still over an hour until Plenty of time to nip back out for another quick swallow. Go on. finish this and still be here when you get back. We began our senior action for the year with a game in last March and that thrilling 3-2 victory against the reigning world champions was cause for plenty of justified will continue to seek to measure ourselves against the leading as we also did here a year ago this month when we came out 2-0 winners over on an emotional those results optimism for 2016 and we will always look back on the past 12 months with a sense of what might have was there in as a fan like was disappointed with how the tournament given our qualification record and the talent we undoubtedly is definitely a case of looking forward now and we will sit down after this fixture to consider our options with regard to the England manager and with full gratitude to and his staff for their work. Friendlies might not get the juices flowing quite like a good old competitive but they have their time and place. Like whenever England meet for example. These two rarely pull up trees when it means something. eased England out of the 1950 World Cup in uneventful England did for in the in 1980 and but you have written home on any and the pair bored the world to tears at 82. No but no thank fixtures between the two are another however. In scored a couple of late goals to turn a 3-2 deficit into a 4-3 the amateur condemning England to their defeat by continental opposition. Two years England got their revenge in spectacular Dean one of the scorers in a 7-1 win at Tom missed a penalty at in 1955 but Final hero Bill scored twice and England won 4-1 anyway. Jimmy was on the in 1960 as England won 4-2 against a team containing the original and for goodness sake. scored four on his own against a side built around the in 1987. scored in a 3-0 romp for new England manager in 2001. And have won four of the five meetings since more often than not giving the the right old on board for anything like any of us too. Here we is at over in
an election on and voters in Grant face a stark choice. They have to choose their and the result of that race will resonate far beyond the county. Many observers will see it as a referendum on the gains made in the west last year by the Patriot as in the presidential those involved see it as having an almost existential significance. is a pivotal moment in the history of Grant and the entire says the contender hoping to dislodge the Guardian spoke with in a coffee shop in the main street of John Day . He chose a window table at the far end of the coffee house. When told that other interviewees had asked to meet he said with a a good spot. You can watch your more than in other small people here seem to have a sense that they are being watched and listened to closely. Some feel the need to hold their political opinions close to their so for who has spent his whole policing career in the Grant County working alongside his opponent from 2001 onwards. But over the his relationship with Palmer grew due in part to his former unusual political connections with the Patriot which refers to a range of including tax protesters and believe the office more about policing and less about he said. Twitter who is running against Palmer for office. for The Palmer has become one of the most controversial local officials in the west after his support for and militia groups became a topic in as well as the subject of complaints by those working alongside a group of armed men led by occupied the wildlife refuge in neighboring County on 2 this remote corner of became the center of a national story. Palmer praised them as and in local media and argued that the government was to have to concede members of the leadership were finally arrested on 26 they were on their way to John Day to address a public which Palmer attended. One of those was shot dead after he left the car and appeared to reach for a sidearm. Among his last words going over to meet the sheriff in Grant in the on 12 two occupiers activist John and alumnus of the 2014 ranch standoff in met with the sheriff at a group lunch in John Day. told reporters at the time that Palmer had practical plan for helping unravel the federal and that he had asked the two men to autograph his pocket and after the Palmer received from a group of local calling themselves Grant County Positive who protests against the occupation and took out ads in local newspapers demanding that Palmer explain his actions. How the militia acquittals reflect the appeal of white nationalist agitators Read 911 dispatch wrote a complaint to department of public safety standards and training about in which she mentioned the support he was showing for the militia occupying the refuge as well as his for the potential consequences of pushing his personal She also claimed that he was as a security by his own as well as local and state authorities. This complaint and others triggered an ongoing investigation by the Department of Justice into allegations against including tampering with police Palmer has avoided publicly detailing the precise nature of the relationship he had with the occupiers. He has fought attempts to get access to his email exchanges with the during the occupation. The sheriff has long refused to speak with local outlets such as the and reportedly threatened its reporter with legal action for attempting to contact not inclined to explain himself publicly at all. The Guardian repeatedly endeavored to speak with him about the election with visits and phone calls to his office. only response was a curt thank to an email request. Twitter one of the sons of rancher arrives for a news conference at national wildlife refuge near Rick standoff revealed just one dimension of relationship with the Patriot movement. He has also had a long association with the sheriff Mack. Mack founded the Constitutional Sheriffs and Peace Officers Association a group resolved to assert the authority of local sheriffs in the face of any federal attempt to register or seize arrest or search or use military force against citizens. They argue that federal agents should not arrest people or seize property first notifying and obtaining the express consent of the local In they believe that the county sheriff is the highest legal authority in the land even claim that power of the sheriff even supersedes the powers of the In they share the same basic hostility to the federal and the same reading of the as the is also a board member of the Oath a group founded in 2009 whose goal is to defend the constitution and in particular the second amendment right to bear arms against what they see as federal government disturbingly for Palmer has according to local press appointed 65 far more than any other sheriff who report directly to him. In the letter of complaint written by the 911 dispatch she complained that Palmer had provided no list of the people he had but had said that that I should be given access to the dispatch systems. Odd incidents have been reported involving these special deputies. In according to Palmer asked a forest service officer to release a man he had detained because he was a special deputy. In this another deputy shot a dog in the street in Canyon saying it had attacked her. Because of this lack of some local residents were not willing to be named after talking to the fearing possible intimidation. Twitter for The who is less reticent is a local supporter who has retired from the US Forest a lot of anger he says of his explaining that his local and his Patriot connections are trying to harness it. For is or Square. This is their moment to take back what they believe has lost or left behind. serious other local residents the Guardian talked he emphasizes that hardcore supporters are small in number the inner circle is around 20 including some outsiders drawn to Grant County by reputation. And their biggest opportunities seem to arise from knows right and 14 August the Canyon Creek Complex became one of the most destructive wildfire in history. In a few hours it gutted 43 homes and incinerated numerous and outbuildings. It burned up 110,000 acres of giant pines and firs in and around Grant share of the national those ran the operations. We got it done and we have a life says the success in preserving local lives is evidence that cooperative relationships between between county and federal agencies help everyone. But the trauma of lost homes further soured local and many ended up blaming changes in the US forest fire management practices. Old school strategies such as thinning out trees with logging and clearing undergrowth have become less prevalent as environmental values have exerted greater August the Guardian was present at a meeting in neighboring Prairie City at which US Forest Service officials who were preparing the community for possible evacuation were subject to hostile questioning from some residents about fire blame game played into the hands of Palmer and his tight group of in keeping with Patriot movement see federal land management and ownership as a usurpation of local according to a report by the social justice Political Research Palmer and other Patriots adhere to a particular doctrine of which is interpreted by those groups to give local governments an equal position at the negotiating table with federal and state government agencies. Twitter The Canyon Creek Complex fire advanced along a canyon leading to John destroying homes in the process. the in last Palmer deputized 11 Grant County residents to draft a natural resources plan for land management. Such a developed outside county is in keeping with Patriot tactics of establishing bodies which are intended to function as shadow governments pushing their own agenda. The plan calls for negotiations between the United States and the county a in determining public land not mere consultation. This means the county is seen as having equal or greater authority than the federal government. One of those to write the plan was of Prairie City. told the Guardian that the plan was intended for in the coordination which is federal law and allows local government agencies to have a meaningful say in these land use describes the writing committee as adding that supports us because he knows right and The group was and neither elected not formed by any recognized process. Members wanted to put it to a but county commissioners rejected believes that if the plan were put to a it would be successful why seeing so much of a push against our He claims the plan was shot down by commissioners because of the power of the existing consultative management Blue Mountains Forest his thinks Palmer will prevail. a constitutional sheriff he represents the all of the people. a damn good well he will win this says Palmer edged out of the department because has a problem with authority. He follow pointing to his political disagreements with Palmer. find it interesting that is accusing me of having an issue with authority when he was supportive of the Twitter standoff supporters show support for the in front of a courthouse. natural resources plan was the culmination of a longer history of conflicts between Palmer and the federal government. In he terminated a contract with the Forest Service which had seen deputies patrolling federal land in exchange for payments and the use of Forest Service such as a search and rescue his own letter terminating the Palmer cited Article Section 8 of the US which in part The federal government shall exercise authority over all places purchased by the consent of the legislature of the state in which the same shall for the erection of and other needful in the Patriot movement believe that these are the only purposes for which the federal government can acquire land. National wildlife reserves and public land they simply unconstitutional. It is also the same fragment quoted by the occupants of the national wildlife refuge to underpin their demands that the federal government hand over control of public lands to in the letter also cites issues as a reason for breaking off the agreement like the Palmer attributes the decline of Grant and by extension the western to the refusal of federal agencies to allow unbridled economic exploitation of public public break between Palmer and arose from the decision to write a letter to the local newspaper disagreeing with the decision not to renew that contract. Palmer put him on administrative leave. The truth involves a bigger story. Grant County is in the an area stretching from northern to which has suffered from the disappearance of logging and milling jobs over the last four militias recruiting in fear of winning activists say Read every county in rural has shown some degree of recovery from the depths of the last recession. But according to figures from office of economic employment in Grant County peaked in and is still around down on with very few signs of some timber belt towns have increased in size as retirees and others move Grant demographics look a lot more typical of the rest of rural In 1980 there were 8,210 people in 2035 projected there will be just while as a whole will have practically doubled its population to almost five million over the same County is still dependent on its remaining timber mill as a private sector but the future may be even bleaker than its immediate past. Environmental protections and more stringent management of public lands have played some role in but only some more efficient cheap the disappearance of the of old growth and the decline of the US labor movement have also badly affected the logging complex misfortune heightens the temptation to blame federal agencies for local says less unemployment people want to blame so they blame the Forest to the disappearance of timber jobs from the on led many mill workers to leave town. This tipped the balance further toward conservatism in a now go beyond mere conservatism. part of a gathering movement that wants to challenge the very idea of federal public and Democrats have few incentives to challenge such candidates in conservative of Grant problems come down to the fact that is it a long way from anywhere but versions of this political dynamic are visible to the extent that they have come to define the political landscape of 2016. In the face of change and politicians like him throughout the and the Patriot movement as a whole are offering their own version of the promise to make great again. There any polls in Grant County. We know until tomorrow whether people have finally decided that those promises are militia elections 
most senior law officer has ordered an investigation into an alleged scandal involving one of prime minister closest confidants over a controversial deal to buy affair which has dominated headlines for days involves allegations of a serious conflict of interest in the purchase of the submarines. At the heart of the issue is a claim that personal was representing the arms manufacturer making the submarines at the same time was pushing for the submarine the allegations are that purchased the new submarines for the navy over the objections of his own and who is also a relative of the prime minister have insisted they never spoke about business relationship in the submarine the inquiry was ordered after new information emerged both in the media and in a related the company behind the submarine said last week it believed there was no misconduct in the on Channel 10 disclosed an email it claimed is proof that used his close relationship to to lobby for the manufacturer with at least one official a claim strenuously denied by to reports in the the inquiry was also prompted by new information that emerged from the case of a second senior official who was arrested last week on charges of deputy National Security Council head was arrested earlier this month on suspicion of taking bribes. The order of an inquiry represents a face by the attorney who suggested last week that it was not necessary. a justice ministry statement said that after police received new information on met senior the state prosecutor and senior justice the end of the discussion the attorney general decided to order an examination by the police regarding various aspects related to the it said. It gave no further details and did not indicate who might be the maintains he was unaware his lawyer was advising the and defended the acquisition at weekly cabinet meeting. principle that guides me is will be able to defend itself by itself against any in any he said. security of requires the acquisition of submarines and the renewal of the submarine fleet. These are strategic weapons systems that ensure the future I tell the very existence of the state of for decades to East and North 
Adult dating and pornography site company Friend Finder Networks has been exposing the private details of more than accounts and making it one of the largest data breaches ever according to monitoring firm Leaked which took place in resulted in email dates of last browser addresses and site membership status across sites run by Friend Finder Networks being exposed. The breach is bigger in terms of number of users affected than the 2013 leak of 359 million details and is the biggest known breach of personal data in 2016. It dwarfs the user accounts compromised in the hack of adultery site and only the Yahoo attack of 2014 was larger with at least accounts compromised. Friend Finder Networks operates of the largest sex sites Adult Friend which has 40 million that log in at least once every two and over accounts. It also runs live sex camera site which has over adult site which has over and and an unknown domain with more than accounts between Finder Networks vice president and senior told has received a number of reports regarding potential security vulnerabilities from a variety of sources. While a number of these claims proved to be false extortion we did identify and fix a vulnerability that was related to the ability to access source code through an injection also said that Friend Finder Networks brought in outside help to investigate the hack and would update customers as the investigation but would not confirm the data chief told are aware of the data hack and we are waiting on to give us a detailed account of the scope of the breach and their remedial actions in regard to our Leaked a data breach monitoring said of the Friend Finder Networks were stored by Friend Finder Networks either in plain visible format or hashed Neither method is considered secure by any stretch of the hashed passwords seem to have been altered to be all in rather than case specific as entered by the users which makes them easier to but possibly less useful for malicious according to Leaked the leaked account details were 78,301 US military email 5,650 US government email addresses and over accounts. The leaked database also included the details of what appear to be almost deleted according to Leaked complicate things was sold to Penthouse Global Media in It is unclear why Friend Finder Networks still had the database containing user details after the and as a consequence exposed their details with the rest of its sites despite no longer operating the is also unclear who perpetrated the hack. A security researcher known as Revolver claimed to find a flaw in Friend Finder security in posting the information to a Twitter account and threatening to should the company call the flaw report a is not the first time Adult Friend Network has been hacked. In May 2015 the personal details of almost four million users were leaked by including their login dates of post sexual preferences and whether they were seeking extramarital director of threat research at is attack on is extremely similar to the breach it suffered last year. It appears to not only have been discovered once the stolen details were leaked but even details of users who believed they deleted their accounts have been stolen again. clear that the has failed to learn from its past mistakes and the result is 412 million victims that will be prime targets for attacks and other Over of all the including those hashed with were cracked by Leaked Source meaning that any protection applied to them by Friend Finder Networks was wholly Source this time we also explain why many recently registered users still have their passwords stored in especially considering they were hacked once managing director at security firm clear the company has flawed security and given the sensitivity of the data the company holds this cannot be Finder Networks has not replied to a request for comment. profile glitch millions. Even Mark who stole nude photos of celebrities gets 18 months in about the under how to protect and computer 
John Oliver has taken aim at the renewed investigation into emails and the connection with disgraced politician Oliver challenges Trump on election the Read his show Last Week Tonight with John he referred to this election as cornucopia that just keeps on giving should really consider switching their slogan to because there might be more fucking expressed suspicion over the announcing their decision to investigate emails found on a laptop used by aide the estranged wife of so nine days out from the the has basically delivered us the equivalent of a mystery box and like the box from the end of Seven it could contain anything from nothing to he said. it almost definitely contains Twitter The reason behind the discovery also led to Oliver calling this out as a new low for a particularly controversial grinding hell of this election has thrown in yet another twist with the election potentially hanging in the he said. thanks to the fact that allegedly with a a month ago when Trump tweeted we should check out a sex tape of a former Miss Universe I said if you looked you would see rock bottom. Well if you look up you will see absolutely nothing and tell you we have burrowed not just rock but through the core of the earth and come bursting out the other startling kangaroos and currently hurtling toward outer space and there is no light or just an endless void in which death comes as sweet relief. Please let this thing be over Oliver elections 
J. Trump said on that he had no intention of pressing for an investigation into use of a private email server or the financial operations of her dropping the her pledge that became a rallying cry for his campaign for the White House. who branded his rival and said she would go to jail if he were said in an interview with reporters and editors at The New Times that he was no longer interested in pursuing in part because he wanted to heal the wounds of a divisive campaign. want to hurt the I really Trump said during the interview. went through a lot and suffered greatly in many different and I am not looking to hurt them at all. The campaign was His reversal on prosecuting was particularly striking given the outsize role the issue played during the presidential in which her use of a private email server as secretary of state became a prominent and one she has blamed for her loss to Trump. Trump said he wanted to from the subject. Without he said that have people that do perhaps a reference to the or Republicans who might continue to press for prosecutions in the email or foundation cases. But the made clear that he would not seek to pursue an investigation himself nor make it a priority after he assumes office. The decision angered some of his most fervent who immediately criticized his seeming change of heart. blared the headline on a conservative news site that has strongly backed Trump. not something that I feel very strongly Trump said at The unlike health care or immigration. has been a very painful period of aides did not respond to a request for comment about remarks. During their second Trump turned to and I I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your because never been so many so much After turnaround on the conservative commentator one of his staunchest supporters during the suggested on Twitter that Trump was overstepping his role. I thought we elected she wrote. we make him the His job is to pick those not do their Tom president of Judicial a conservative advocacy group that has been a relentless critic of said on that it would be a mistake for Trump to drop the threat of appointing a special counsel to look into her email use. said that although the had already investigated the matter that inquiry was flawed. His group has gained access to thousands of pages of State Department emails through lawsuits and is pressing its case in court even after her defeat. Representative a Republican who leads the House Oversight and Government Reform said last week on Fox News that his committee would continue to investigate the matter as well because got to get to the office said on he was unavailable for comment about statements. Although the email investigation is the agency still has an open inquiry into the Foundation. That inquiry began after the 2015 publication of a book by Peter that asserted that some foreign entities had given money to the foundation in return for State Department favors when was there. The have denied the assertions. The and Justice Department conduct their criminal investigations largely independently from the White so Trump cannot tell agents to close their cases. A president ordering the to stop a politically sensitive case would be a major scandal. does seem like an extraordinary breach of protocol for him to get involved in that Glen A. a former federal prosecutor in New said of the know of no recent circumstances when the president ordered an attorney general not to pursue a criminal as Trump were to order the B. to close the foundation could choose to rebuff him. directors are given terms to insulate them from political but the president still has the power to fire a as President Bill did with S. Sessions in 1993 after a Justice Department investigation uncovered ethical abuses by Sessions. In an interview last week with Trump said he had not yet decided whether to dismiss over his handling of the email saying the director have had very good reasons for doing what he As a practical remarks will probably have little impact. The investigation into emails is already closed while the one into her foundation remains senior officials and career Justice Department officials have said there is little evidence justifying moving forward with a case. When the case comes up for senior agents and prosecutors may decide to shut it but it will not be because of remarks. While the decision is likely to frustrate investigators at the who are fiercely protective of their independence to follow the facts they some legal experts applauded decision to not pursue investigations into emails or her family foundation. K. a professor at the University of Hastings College of the said he was inclined to support both moves by Trump. A decision to shut down an he not out of step with constitutional as the Constitution gives the president the power to issue pardons for federal crimes.
Below is this the theme and tunes picked by a reader from the comments after last Thanks for your suggestions. Read more about the format of the weekly readers recommend series at the end of the underestimate the ability of Guardian readers to come up with an eclectic list of tracks for any given subject. the end of my second stint at the helm and once again I have been overwhelmed by the quality and diversity of nominations. I had thought this topic might produce a fair amount of but recommendations came thick and so get straight to the first of this Twitter The not someone prone to overstate says of the the On the this is definitely one of the finest rock songs ever A bold claim indeed. It is undeniably a classy polished in a good and with lyrics such as from the from a I try to get but I just it fits the theme very we have one of my the with People Are Strange. for the common or garden kind of uneasy fear says nominator fear of other people could be said to be the root cause of many of the problems. The music strikes me as a kind of missing link between and the era. This is one of their up is the mighty Bob with Masters of in which we find the lyric thrown the worst fear that can ever be fear to bring children into the deserves the prize for this one poem says nominator Whatever the man himself may feel concerning his latest garland some not so certainly merited in my book comes in many forms. At number courtesy of nominator we have the wonderful with Tigers and Bears. not afraid of ferocious crossing wild climbing mountains and all manner of physical says says scared of With its wonderfully restrained instrumentation and that gorgeous you have a hard time falling in love with this brings us to with an astonishing song entitled Fear the Fire. not certain whether to take this muses nominator to read it as being about the fear of hell. He always sounds great whatever the exact He certainly does. This which manages to sound both sparse and builds nicely and hits without ever crossing the line into Tying in nicely with the release of latest at number six with have with The a song in the words of nominator fear as a tool of political influence and its effect on the Although enjoying something of a resurgence these past few rock has a pretty bad rep in some but not on my being unnecessarily fearful somehow attract the very thing you wonders nominator whose choice of Azalea Flower by makes number seven. protagonist is fearful and explains. alone in the house It end Sometimes our fears are justified. One of the strengths of folk music lies in its exploring of universal this song does that very the other side of the we have industrial rock with Scarred. 23 2016 don't know much about this band beyond the fact it's weird what you can find at sales amongst the jars of homemade bramble jelly and old tells me guitarist Rob has also played with and The Prodigy. Which should suffice to tell you this is not one to ease you into a gentle morning so fucking so fucking scared of you scared of me Well good enough for me. Electro reverse tape loops and guitars ramped all the way up to 11. you scared of me sing I am all the bands I expected might crop was not among yet here they are at number nine with deliciously creepy The courtesy of nominator hear the doorbell ring and suddenly the panic takes me Exactly who or what the narrator is afraid of is never explicitly but the tension is palpable. This nomination is seconded by who adds the vivid description vocals and that throbbing like your own heartbeat when you panic in the we all too at the last track on this and what a good one it is. Nominator is the with his recommendation of Fear Not for Man. Surely a big influence on Miles music is never less than and the message here is secret of life is to have no now we all have to understand to share your songs about the west Read theme for next is the west. You have until on 31 to submit a reminder of some of the guidelines for you have a good theme or if like to volunteer to compile a from suggestions and write a about please email is a wealth of data on including the songs that are at the It also tells you the meaning of and other strange words used by regulars also congregate at the and 
has reversed its decision to disable the accounts of customers who resold the new Pixel after a chorus of complaints over the imposition of a death for a minor company emailed users who had been noting that it had reviewed their appeals and their accounts. Users had been shut down after they were accused of taking advantage of tax loopholes to earn a profit reselling the phone. In the said it violations of our terms very and we ask that you review relevant terms and product policies to ensure that you understand It violations of our terms may lead to account bans were first reported on by the owner of site Deals. Multiple members of his forum had found their accounts after taken advantage of a deal involving shipping the phone to a reseller in New a US state with no sales who would then split the profit with them after the phone was sold scheme broke terms and and the company banned accounts which had ordered a Pixel phone to be shipped to the reseller the fact that the rule previously been enforced in similar situations involving the Nexus It even banned the account of one user which ordered a but was listed as the recovery account of an account which the scale of many of the banned users felt that the punishment fit the crime. not defending those who violated the terms of the but I do think it is heavy handed for to block access to all of their services for doing so. Was violating phone resale policy really worthy of an effective digital death users access their or uploaded they lost access to the photos stored in and any accounts linked to their email address as a password reset or login the initial reports of the emailed a of its identified a scheme in which consumers were asked to purchase Pixel devices on behalf of a who then marked up the cost of those devices in order to resell them to other customers. We prohibit the commercial resale of devices purchased through Project or the Store so everyone has an equal opportunity to purchase devices at a fair price. Many of the accounts suspended were created for the sole purpose of this company did not respond to multiple requests for comment from the but its letter to investigating the we are restoring access to genuine accounts for customers who are locked out of many services they rely is not the only company which is unrestrained in its use of the bans. Amazon has come under fire for similarly disproportionate in one case banning a user from its site and all its digital services simply for returning too many recommends that even those who think they may not be get in the habit of using the to perform weekly of their data. others have moved their email to private servers and other hosts in order to diversify their presence in case they ever run afoul of he 
And the day four match wickets fall as South close on first Test victory at Read more Another day to South then who require just six more wickets to wrap up the Test. Today was always likely to be a and so it first the slogging with bat in pushing their already lead into gargantuan territory. The real question though was whether they had the artillery to take 10 wickets with an attack of Dale went a considerable way to answering that taking three top order wickets to place his side firmly in the driving seat. The fourth home victim was Warner who was run out by in one of the most brilliant pieces of fielding you could ever witness. With long tail the end could arrive in a hurry tomorrow but with only looking capable of forcing if he can be seen it could be a longer day in the sun than South might prefer. be back tomorrow to round off the action. Thanks for joining us. Day four belonged to South as they closed in on a first Test victory. Images 55th 169-4 Marsh Target Philander with the last over of the fourth another belting one for South bowling to Marsh and the field is right on top of the local lad. At 128 kph Philander is just too innocuous to force a mistake and the day ends without much fanfare. 54th 168-4 Marsh Target encouraging to take the which he accepts after two deliveries. Much more aggressive field for Marsh two short legs and the gets an unplayable delivery first up that squirts at right angles off a crack. Apparently that deviated a a after pitching. Marsh then escapes strike with a single. over coming up. crowd of 7,207 at the Ground Thanks for 2016 53rd 166-4 Marsh Target switches ends to give the exceptional a spell. The senior bowls a tempting line and length that Marsh tries to ignore but gets some luck with a thick edge scuttling along the ground through the gully region for four. the minimum overs for the day now into extra time. performance by the top Captaincy by all round great team Keep pushing almost there 2016 52nd 162-4 Marsh Target back for a replacing who never found his groove in his last spell. Immediately in the action engineering an inside edge from Marsh that flies just out of reach of short leg. whole Nine team seems to have a lot of affection for Marsh actually. If only dad had played with them. 2016 51st 161-4 Marsh Target eight overs into a scintillating spell coming around the wicket to and he beats him twice in a row. The first nicks the shoulder of the bat and races for four between third slip and the second is a play and miss. The rest of the over is probing without being threatening. 50th 157-4 Marsh Target has the ball wobbling away off the pitch and too good for Marsh who does well not to nick it. The bowler tries to repeat the trick next delivery but Marsh adjusts leaving smartly. He keeps his head for another three enabling to feast on a shorter wider carving it forcefully to the cover boundary. If you missed the news are sticking with the same 12 for which has gone down like a lead balloon on social media. with joy in his says re M Marsh. that's why we keep picking 2016 49th 153-4 Marsh Target to face trial by as the commentators ignore the young career statistics in an effort to convince themselves of his contentious selection. He overs plus change remaining. be done by half past. 152-4 Marsh Target roll of the dice from the today with Philander returning for one final spell. Half an hour and shadows lengthening across the this is not a fun time to be batting. digging in leaving coming forward whenever he can but rocking back to milk three from a long hop. Marsh off the mark with a back foot drive for three. to think isn't as good as after all. 5 average has gone from 97.46 to 67.41 2016 47th 146-4 Marsh Target survives his first delivery but with this day is fast belonging to first delivery of the over to is a Good nips appeals for caught behind and neither given. The next seams away and beats the outside gorgeous fast bowling with a ball. Two more keep honest and then the wicket good kisses the outside edge and has his man. What a glorious spell this to be 21 and have this much raw talent. 46th 146-3 Target 50 for with a single to long and is off the mark in another rapid over. Excellent analysis from Identifying that used his when the ball was doing nothing and immediately went to as soon as there was a hint of reverse swing. Excellent way to buy his bowlers some freshness with little working in their Super stuff here from his fourth Test half century coming from 100 2016 45th 144-3 Target about the pitch in that just all the skill. just on the good side of tailing away a fraction and Smith was drawn into a shot rather have avoided. Cricket South Smith edges the ball to the keeper and goes for 34. need 395. 2016 Huge moment in the match and a massive scalp for The youngster has found the right length to Smith and he draws the skipper forward into a drive that catches the outside edge and carries safely to South bowler reacts with team mates after dismissing captain Smith for 34 runs on day 4 of the first Test match between and South at the Western Cricket Ground in 44th 143-2 Smith Target continuing around the wicket to and not a line the is happy but he does well enough to two and then rotate the strike. 43rd 140-2 Smith Target returning to his probing length to dropping in the occasional one of which gets all jumpy off the crack and screams past for four sundries. been in at what point will the Channel Nine commentary team slip into the inevitable that they will do it. My money is end of the day if these two are still As would say you might think I possibly comment. 42nd 134-2 Smith Target drinks of the day have been taken so streaming into the home straight with just 12 overs required to be bowled in the final hour. in for a overs Bring out the bunting. to is an interesting little duel to get us back underway with the spinner bowling a line from around the wicket and the at the crease is not too happy about it. A testing maiden ensues. 41st 134-2 Smith Target discussion of the slip cordon stagger now on one of my personal especially at the Ground. Nice strike rotation by addressing one of the criticisms of his batting when under pressure. Smith circumspect against a testing length from Leach John Snow anecdote into the old keeper's catch debate. The multi pays out. Leach discussing first slip being too deep paid 2016 40th 133-2 Smith Target is causing hearts to flutter but no magic ball just yet. A few edges and singles do the job. A a my kingdom for a Peters the percentage of cricket fans on twitter who are furious when the team is losing yet bored when the team is 2016 39th 131-2 Smith second over begins with an unplayable snorter than leaps off a crack and gives Smith no rueful smiles all around. A single to the skipper brings onto strike and moves around the wicket. Genuine edge from the lefty and it flies low between keeper and first slip but dive for low to his but a touch chance by the time it reaches him and he can only parry it down. Why did not make the Massive opportunity wasted for the was given a life late on day four of the first Test in Images 38th 128-2 Smith is back to the Stand end and into the breeze. Presumably that previous passage of four or so overs was a chance for the spinner to figure out his preferred end than to showcase the moderate looks dangerous bowling a teasing maiden to who was hanging back in his crease after the pitch hinted at misbehaving more than once. The trick for South is to get into the head about the state of the cracks and make them believe even when not. 37th 128-2 Smith on is into the attack for his first spell after tea. Three slips immediately rub spittle into their palms but the young not on his game from the dropping short and allowing Smith to leave a few and then slap a cut for a disdainful four. 16 overs minimum left in the day. 36th 124-2 Smith is continuing from the Stand for reasons that defeat me. And he nearly accounts for He hits the crack the quicker are going to be targeting and the batsman has to jam down quickly to avoid embarrassment. The rest of the over is nothing to write home about though as runs are milked at will by two set and very capable players. 35th 116-2 Smith Cook experiment was to enable to switch ends. He now has the Doctor coming over his left shoulder as he bowls his around the wicket to Smith. The batsman is looking to counterattack though and he uses his feet well to meet the pitch of the ball a couple of times and work runs into the 34th 110-2 Smith we the buffet is Cook is brought on for his his first dart in Test but he has 10 wickets at First class level at an average of 43. a net bowler at jogging in and sending down juicy half volleys outside off stump. has a couple of and then drills one through the covers before guiding one through gully for back to back boundaries. 33rd 102-2 Smith bowling with a slip and a short leg to Smith. For two balls over the then he switches to prompting the skipper to square drive him for four. 32nd 98-2 Smith doing his best to bamboozle with his flight and pace but not much doing. A quick maiden to keep the local close well in sight. 31st 98-2 Smith having a word with both skippers separately out presumably a bit of chat going on. continues but concentration is good and he refuses to be tempted by a couple of genuine pies. The seven overs going for just 2 doing the job his skipper needs of him right now to give his a spell before one final late dash. 30th 97-2 Smith as causing a few more problems than but only the deliveries that react to the cracks causing the watchful batsmen any of the holding patterns the are going to have to deal with here as they try to winkle another eight wickets with only a attack. Innocent Bystander from the cheap seats... 2016 29th 96-2 Smith around the wicket to Smith looking to drive whenever he chopping down hard on the ball with that pendulous action of his. He picks up three courtesy of a loose wide one before retains strike with an easy single. 28th 92-2 Smith around to the Four deliveries are smothered and the fifth... downtown from straight towards long on and it clears him by inches and over the rope for six. I know the advice is your natural in these but that would have been some backlash had he been caught. 27th 86-2 Smith just one challenge remaining retain both. Pretty optimistic call in will come to rue his around the wicket to The batsman happy to smother anything straight and attack the occasional wide unfortunately for him those strokes keep finding fielders. 26th 85-2 Smith Spin at both ends with sharing duties with Second ball of the over lands perfectly on a snarls at Smith who is powerless to get anywhere near it and taken by A couple of balls later throws down a slider that beats SMith for pace and hits him on his back pad. ... It comes out the front of hand and beats the inside edge of but done too much and indicates it would have missed leg stump by a few inches. Smith survives but the cracks are starting to work their evil magic. 25th 85-2 Smith with the first over after the first of many to be bowled by South making up Dale lost overs. Smith looks in decent touch at the not so largely because the massive cracks and dirty foot marks are considerably more of an issue to the Have you had your fill of that run out Has to bolt immediately into the best run the the the how does it stack up against a couple of other tidy pieces of South was a good very good fielder. Update from our man in Japan Cup cricket final Japan v 2016 Evening all. be steering the Good Ship through to the close of and get this there are only 29 overs scheduled to be so we might be out of here at a reasonable hour for a you have something to please send it my way. Twitter is easy and the email Another good session for South draws to a in which they set a massive target of 539 before taking the wickets of Marsh Warner. still need to get with eight wickets if they are to record record run chase and enter the history books. It but you want to put your house on it. is next up to take you through the final session of the and from bye for now. 24th 84-2 Smith another one that keeps scooting under bat and pads brings up four and that will be that. 23rd 80-2 Smith A flick off pads brings up another four runs off the bowling of Philander. one final over to be bowled before tea at the by 22nd 76-2 Smith Brilliant batting from who shows exactly what he is capable of and this match is still alive. He takes to hitting a beautiful shot through the covers for four before launching a six over Confident stuff from the 21st 66-2 Smith Philander fires up and has Smith in a bit of trouble. a but Smith survives. This really is a crucial period for a decent shout to say that if Smith and fall the already minimal hopes will die a quick death. 20th 66-2 Smith a lot of excitement in the South field this over as the especially those fielding in attempt to ramp up the pressure on both Smith and Smith comes down the track and pads the ball to silly point the cause of much of the excitement. 19th 63-2 Smith Philander to Two runs off the over as both batsmen seek to settle. Solid enough on the evidence of this over. 18th 61-2 Smith A maiden over from as Smith bides his time. 17th 61-2 Smith Philander back on from the other end. a maiden. And after that period of some concern among the contingent that even get to a fifth day in this overs left today. not confident enough to say this Test will go into a 5th day 2016 16th 61-2 Smith is handed the ball for the first time this innings. has the measure of him and he slog sweeps to the boundary before he pushes a single to 15th 56-2 Smith Smith takes his in the knowledge on a pair. No pressure for the skipper then. That threat lasts five nervous balls before on the he gets the faintest of touches on a wayward delivery from and the ball races away down the leg past and for four runs. The Doctor blows across the ground just Smith exhaling with relief. 14th 52-2 Smith survives a big scare on his first ball given out caught behind but the decision goes upstairs and reprieved. also cleared of for good and can breathe a big sigh of relief. The monster collapse is averted or at least delayed for the time being. completes a and we can all take stock a bit. 13th 52-2 Smith well. is a crucial wicket for the South but to lose both openers in an over is terrible news for the Replays show just how brilliant a piece of fielding that was from such to throw with such accuracy whilst horizontal in midair. Sensational. and Smith at the with neither having faced a ball yet. Two wickets fall in the And Marsh next to a thick edge flying through to second where takes a comfortable catch.
WHY DID ENGLAND KEEP UP THAT MANNEQUIN CHALLENGE SHAMBLES INTO Things were better back Loads of good people were still lunatics remained on the fringe of society rather than at the top of it and grown adult waste time by raising questions about a chocolate bar in parliament. Football was better in The Past too. you could only watch one game a month on pitches were swamps that swallowed any hint of skill or athletic if you were lucky that thing dropping on you from the upper tier was warm and unlucky if it was a grounds were deathtraps and of authority figures regarded anyone who went to a game as simian scum. on the up players did go out of an evening and get trousered with violence was veritably encouraged and those who meted it out were invited outside afterwards. football was better in The good news is that following 2-2 draw with on it looks like a couple of the brave boys are looking to bring those fine traditions of The Past back. was absent from on account of a and he clearly attempted to soothe his pain by politely joining a wedding held at team hotel until the wee small hours. Pictures appeared to show him droopy of eye and red of which the more cynical might determine was caused by the necking of much wine in reality of was nothing of the spokesman defends celebrations after match Read along with the rest of the England was on a night off a spokesman for the player. than going he chose to stay at the team hotel to relax and celebrate a fine England victory against During the course of the evening he was approached by numerous fellow guests for autographs and pictures. As he has always was happy to pose for photos and chat with guests. It is sad that one or two of them have now sought to turn friendly good nature to their Shame on the disappointing clarification that actually harking back to The over to and to keep the flame The two each perfectly willing and able to start fights in empty seemingly came to blows both physical and verbal during and the man was thoroughly unimpressed. think pretty clear what he did and I can feel it on my cheek harrumphed. made a pass and it was a long time afterwards elbowed me in the face. I know what he and I like that kind of stuff. I mind people kicking each other at times and but just dirty and not such are the rules of The all of this can be solved in two either a quick from the aggressor and a masculine shake of or a at a later date to discover which of the two is the greater man. Which would you need him to see him United v is scheduled for 11 hats off to and comfortingly from The for trying at least to restore life to how it once was. And if you can do something about all the other stuff too be much want to get it out and give other people an opportunity to do the same. I want to give people strength. I survived it. I lost my which was a massive thing for but still here. I came through the other side. Other people can have that the former professional footballer is finally able to talk publicly about the horrific abuse he suffered from the age of 11 by one of his in the hope that others will come forward too. Interview by OF THE is the defeat that hurts the most in my five years no doubt about it. It is a bitter pill to is on the ropes with after a 4-0 against their second defeat in two World Cup qualifying games. president make any decisions right after games. think about what happened today and talk with and look at the Watch this space. Twitter US oh. England game really was an audition for I thought he did superbly. attacking play to unsettle even the best in the demonstrably your own proving that we can do and continuing to impress despite changing before eventually wilting away dramatically at the deciding end it turns out you really can capture entire major tournament cycle in a single Tom times like with so much going on in the who cares about international for gave England game a wide berth to focus on far more important like where the have all the anyone Oh and I know some on but not made of money and since I got the Best mug last the pressure is totally off this year. like struggling to find the motivation or summon the effort required to win it back to that there is no evidence that avoiding after midnight will help prevent muscular perhaps a better explanation of Pep rule is that he wants to stop players raiding the fridge for a snack in the very early hours. Did say if City players are forbidden from getting and need to avoid bright lights as I point out to Fiver that Fiver reader letters along the lines of missives like this one have nothing to do with are versions of your average Fiver letter. I continue to wonder during my daily perusals of the letters section whether The Fiver somehow been having given how we still religiously continue to read it even as we its journalism. But of course that would be giving The Fiver far too much Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager and out got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring AND their 3-0 win over led his team out in front of assembled hacks and told them where to go. have decided not to speak any more with the he tooted. received many a lot of lack of respect and we never said anything. very sorry it has to be like this but we have no League chief suit is having a heck of a having had to break off talks with the FA over their game no winter break or fifth making a swift impact Tactics The Town director of football down to the touchline during their FA Cup replay at home to and promptly oversaw a 3-1 defeat. will have to be more hard work and the players need to quickly get on board with plenty of new ideas that has brought to the cheered head coach Twitter Strong start. has washed up back in the game as manager of arriving in impeccable style. fans will get he roared. get life and if you go and ask the owner of if you go and ask Tony the owner of you ask who is sadly no longer with the guy who led the revolution down at Town along with the Carter then they would say you get my will play two matches in less than 46 hours over the new year period after their request for a late at was snubbed by the Premier League. City are in the same albeit without as much Two games in two Not always a bad thing manager is unsure where talk linking the club with former LA Galaxy merchandise has come from. decided to go to and sure he has had a good spell cooed will sit down now and come back and decide what he wants to do. In terms of the speculation players coming into the club will always remain STILL WANT Parker on the state of the may have poked a nest of simmering resentment at with his discussions of other clubs and other reckons grounds named after truly ancient heroes and players whose names match their numbers are among the treasure trove of under the microscope in this Knowledge. Twitter hanging on to his ground name. this a trills at the numbing lack of atmosphere at so many Premier League matches. Not only is it a dull potentially damaging the brand. Poor the may have only been able to play 23 minutes of draw with but his bright and inventive display confirmed that he is now the in attacking purrs Our pick of the best of the starring and marking and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND WAS JUST TACTICAL 
If in the retail business in the United you probably really care about these two and Black But more and these two big drivers of the industry mix inside stores a dynamic that is reshaping one of the biggest shopping days. Young people of all a coveted group for retailers because of their are increasingly turning to their computers and phones to do their holiday spreading out more widely the days they open their wallets. Crowds on the unofficial kickoff of the holiday shopping will tilt older than a few years and it more cautious with their money. As a the mix of retailers with high expectations for the day is changing skewing more toward dollar stores and discount retailers and toward essential products like food and cookware. And it is also making the day itself less and less important for the industry over all. big as the event or the weekend has substantially muted for the fact that all of the people are buying said Mark A. director of retail studies at Business School. A decade the day after Thanksgiving accounted for 6 percent of all shopping for the holiday according to the president of Customer Growth a research firm. This he expects shoppers to spend billion on Black but that will account for only 4.3 percent of the spending this season. Over people are expected to spend billion this holiday up from billion last the company estimates. But for the first more than half that growth will come from said. At the same there is a distinct division in who is shopping More than half of baby surveyed said they would do none of their holiday shopping according to a study by a market research company. Nearly 40 percent of those age 18 to 34 the group known as will do most or all of their shopping on the and another 35 percent said they would shop both and That shift to shopping has put more pressure on stores to offer deals good enough to bring people out into the cold. Less than a quarter of plan to shop in stores on Black down from 28 percent two years according to a survey by a website that tracks savings products. headphones and as are expected to be a big draw at stores like and Target. Department stores that offer big like will remain a top destination during the too. website is blanketed with its Black with ads for everything from coats to Apple watches to blenders. Starts declares a big banner at the top. But discount and dollar which generally been big draws on Black are also expecting strong sales. Over dollar stores will experience one of the biggest rises in turnout this year over last according to a survey of more than 2,000 adults by the data company the of the website which monitors the annual said he had seen more of a push from stores this year. He pointed to the discount chain Dollar General as an The company has extended its and said the chain had made more of an effort to get its Black circulars and in front of customers. you think about Black you think about Dollar you think about and Target and said. trying a little bit Discounters like dollar stores and stores like T. J. and also are different in another way from rival They have little to no presence. That has made them somewhat immune to certain industry and could give them greater incentive to entice people into stores. think has allowed for Black to start whenever Amazon wants it to said an analyst with For the last few Amazon has offered Prime its own annual shopping bonanza. exist for T. J. and Another trend working in favor of discount and dollar stores is the rising popularity of food and kitchen like mixers and as holiday gifts. in part because of new fads like and you guessed friends rather than family get together for a holiday meal. a food is going to be more central to the holidays than ever said vice president for consumer insights at in an email. for said it would offer some specials on kitchen appliances for under as well as deals on nonstick cooking sets and griddles. For the foodies interested in opening their wallets a little there are also plenty of pricier both and in the Harry the maker of gift is offering Black deals on its arrangements of cheeses and fruits. notoriously opulent holiday offerings included collard greens for before they sold out. you missed also Cheesy Potatoes for plus More stores at the higher end of the income spectrum like and for instance have continued to more quietly promote their Black sales. think the consumer is still looking for the best but I think the consumers are looking for the best products and the best said the founder and chief executive of a consumer and retailing consulting firm. think been a consistent theme for many she these stores necessarily want to participate in the
May has congratulated Trump on his US presidential election as the and his Lib expressed deep unease at the prime minister said she was confident that strong on security and would continue with the Republican in the White despite his presidential campaign pledges to pursue a more protectionist economic policy and isolationist foreign agenda. would like to congratulate Trump on being elected the next president of the United following a May said. and the United States have an enduring and special relationship based on the values of democracy and enterprise. We and will strong and close partners on security and look forward to working with building on these ties to ensure the security and prosperity of our nations in the years 10 said May had written a personal letter to Trump offering her foreign also sent his congratulations to Trump. believe passionately in the importance of the relationship and am confident we can take it forward he said. had previously joked he was hesitant to visit New because of the risk of meeting The commission wrote to Trump on morning to invite him to an summit your earliest to explore relations for the next four having previously joked on Twitter that his wife believed there were on the world said many in would be shocked by victory in the US presidential the rhetoric around it and what the election result means for the rest of the as well as victory for the Republican outsider should be taken as an rejection of a political establishment and an economic system that simply working for most is one that has delivered escalating inequality and stagnating or falling living standards for the both in the US and called victory a of a failed economic consensus and a governing elite that has been seen not to have and said public anger had been reflected in political upheavals around the of answers to the issue of economic and the rhetoric he were the leader said. have no that the decency and common sense of the people will and we send our solidarity to a nation of innovators and democrats. After this latest global wakeup the need for a real alternative to a failed economic and political system could not be alternative must be based on working social justice and economic rather than sowing fear and division. And the solutions we offer have to improve the lives of not pit one group of people against have made their choice. The urgent necessity is now for us all to work across continents to tackle our common global to secure take action on climate change and deliver economic prosperity and issued an angry statement after the saying the continued rise of the populist right did not have to be inevitable. values of respect for the rule of openness and concern for one another can no longer be taken for he the United States last those values were defeated. But those values are vital if we are to live together in prosperity and who still believed in a future for liberal values to fight for to win the to inspire new generations to the great and historic cause of said. in my lifetime have those liberal values been so under and never have they been more relevant and is nothing inevitable about the rise of protectionism and division. election of prime proves that. I am determined that together we must make it our mission to build that liberal cause. The alternatives are Among other and reaction was mixed. In an emailed statement with the subject line responds to racist being elected US the Green party MP called election devastating day for for people of for disabled people and for an inclusive society in the a hammer blow for the fight against climate Conservative MP said he was hopeful of closer especially given earlier comments that would be at the front of the queue for a trade angst being expressed by he tweeted. said much the same of who turned out to be a great US US vote and rejection of the Establishment reminds us that there can be no watering down of MP chair of the prime new policy called the result roar of anger at machine a series of Freeman said the election was a test for the constitutional protections for liberty and democracy in the and US. all need to defend he tweeted. in mainstream politics need to look listen better and think smarter about the underlying causes of popular anger and address them. clear living through a genuine crisis of legitimacy sweeping western political Freeman MP on victory. of how low income feel by politics heart of the issue was the through the failure of market economics to serve the interests of domestic Freeman said. not just words that have to change. We need new policies to respond to and address the grassroots failure of our political economy. This is the challenge May brilliantly captured in her electrifying conference also drew parallels with the vote in a statement on her saying 2016 had out a generational challenge to everything we thought was ahead for ourselves and our can either cower in despair alone or stand up together in dignity for what we believe and work for a better she wrote. may feel want someone to just to make it stop but the difficult reality is that leaving this to someone else or shouting at each other will achieve the party most closely tied to mainly through the support of its interim had little immediate reaction to the result. himself was on a plane returning to the where he was expected to make a statement. Of the two main challengers to replace had no immediate while told the to President Trump. all saying Beyond the archbishop of said he would pray for the US after the adding that he hoped Trump would be given insight and during his tenure in the White House. first said that although she was disappointed that will not be first woman her candidacy represented a major step forward for women in and across the world for as well as for her many years of public she is owed a deep debt of She many in and across the world will also feel a real sense of anxiety. I hope the president elect will take the opportunity to reach out to those who felt by his said she was by the result. we must all respect the result of this democratic today is a dark day for those of us who believe in tolerance and she Trump was responsible for a campaign that was dominated by misogyny and racism. As he now has a responsibility to and the world to heal the deep divisions he has elections 
The US presidential campaign ended on where the fiercest nomination battles began in the rust belt as and Trump spent the last hours of a bitter election focused on the deep economic divide. The Guardian view on choice If we had a we would use it to elect as president. She's a thoughtful politician who has responded to concerns about her cautious by committing to more radical plans. With decades of she is a fitting successor to It is also high time there was a woman president. By contrast Trump is an irascible uninterested in the world. He has fought a campaign of riddled with racism and misogyny. He propagates ignorance and are three particular ways in which electing Trump is a step that should be spurned by any responsible voter. it would mean a president governing with a Congress which would aim to restore a conservative majority on Progress on civil rights and equality would be reversed. Abortion rights would be threatened. race remains deep foundation and a President Trump would deepen it. electing the billionaire will make the world an even less safe time for messing is over. deserves much better than Trump. So does the world. is much better. So elect gained a late confidence boost as a final series of national opinion polls confirmed a small but steady lead for Early voting numbers point already to record turnout among voters stirred into action by the continued risk of an upset that would send around the world was underlined by polling suggesting several possible paths to victory also remain for Trump. He hopes to white anger over jobs and trade in the traditionally Democratic manufacturing though also needs an almost clean sweep of battleground states including and North to win Trump calls on frantic final day of election campaign Read possible the campaign poured resources into the industrial a region where she struggled against a similar surge for Sanders during the primary election season. Both and held afternoon rallies in before planning to finish the night on stage together in with was also headed to where he planned to end the before returning to New where he will vote. The Republican candidate took aim at use of celebrities to amplify her final pitch to with a loaded jibe at Jay Z and they talking or Twitter waves after speaking at a rally for in the day before the election. happening is a he told his first rally in after the confirmed overnight it would not be changing its decision not to charge over her private email use. happening with our our country is a laughing stock all over the world. is leading the polls the day before Not a clear or Read are going to bring back the jobs and the wealth that have been stolen from Trump told a later rally in North are going to bring back the miners and the factory the crisp blue skies forecast for much of the country on election his opponent began her last full day of campaigning with a more personal one that highlights the historic opportunity ahead of her to become the first female president and role model for a generation of young beneath the plane that has carried her through the closing months of a sometimes she stopped to show the scene to her granddaughter via her have worked as hard as I have over 18 months if I did not believe in my heart that we can do she later told supporters in have to accept a dark and divisive vision for Tomorrow you can vote for a focuses on healing national divide on campaign's last day Read core values are being tested in this added. know a lot of people feel frustrated and left behind. There is fear and anger in our but anger is not a plan. We have got to start talking to each other continued Democratic over the late role of the and threat to refuse to an election result he claims may be it will a tough battle whoever Department of Justice announced on that its Civil Rights Division plans to deploy more than 500 personnel to 67 jurisdictions in 28 states to monitor voting. There is particular concern that changes to voting rules in states such as North may have deliberately depressed turnout. Twitter with her granddaughter as she arrives to board her campaign plane on stock markets rebounded on in the wake of better national polls for Democrats fear the unnecessary cloud cast by the could cost them control of Congress and prolong gridlock even if she wins the White is the voter turnout in your An election quiz Read think I have some work to do to bring the country together as been saying in these speeches in the last few acknowledged to reporters on her plane. these divides that have been not only exposed but exacerbated by the campaign on the other side are ones that we really do have to bring this country urged to focus on the big picture as he began his last day of campaigning warning that election could be want you tune out all the noise and I want you to focus because the choice you face when you step into the voting booth could not be Trump is temperamentally unfit to be commander in he told a rally in over the weekend his campaign took away his Twitter account. if your closest advisers trust you to why should we trust you with the nuclear his economic and a Democratic sponsored bailout for the auto the president reserved his harshest comments for the notion that a wealthy property developer was portraying himself a champion. Twitter How does the US electoral college be bamboozled. fall for the blasted think Trump knows any working people apart from the folks who work on his golf course and clean up in his has spent his final days barnstorming throughout states that have long leaned Democratic such as and in attempt to strike electoral lightning and pull off an upset as he kept up a frenetic schedule of rallies. The Republican nominee seemed aware the odds are were against telling a crowd in a state that has long been considered to be safely in column that election day be times closing message remained little changed from the themes which had defined his campaign since launch on 16 railing against targets like immigrants and the media. Twitter Trump attends a campaign rally in on home to the largest Trump took aim at that minority group to deafening cheers in a airport hangar. in seen the problems caused with faulty refugee with very large numbers of refugees coming into your state without your without your support or Trump told the reading about the disaster taking place in he before falsely even have the right to talk about has long made refugees from targets of his using his pledge to prevent any from being admitted into the United States as a regular applause line at this rallies. adapting his message in a state which was last won by a Republican in a presidential election in he added to his target migrants are for says Trump Read Republican nominee though seemed most energized by Jay Z and who appeared in a concert on behalf of in on He repeatedly bashed the two over weekend. Trump boasted that he need celebrities to draw a crowd. need and I need Jay he told a cheering crowd in a late night rally in on Republican well known for a host of controversial and vulgar including a leaked recording in where he boasted of grabbing women the also the pop stars for the language in their songs. Trump told the crowd in Z and use the most filthy language ever while making like Jay Z and I like but the language is the sound of words from Trump ringing in their take the polls poised to banish his rhetoric from the political realm or usher in an angry four elections 
One Nation senator Rod has accused chief of of for allegedly throwing his phone at chief of the leader of One brushed off the saying it was an and the had been out of a interview with Guardian said One Nation was aware of his legal issues before he nominated for the party but his decision to support the referral of his eligibility to the high saying it was made without the facts of the revealed his draft terms of reference for a royal commission into and plans to sue the commonwealth for a greater share of revenue for Western challenges election of One Nation senator Rod Read the reported that allegedly threw his phone at chief of following an argument over a proposed told Guardian he had not witnessed the but and two other witnesses had said the same that had very and thrown the phone after she had asked him to put a request in come into our office and do not acceptable. The severity of in every an incident has to be reported ... as I understand it an incident was said the incident was act of an not the party and everything was still as in One has contacted and for comment. On tweeted that had her adding that what he was going through difficult and i have stated many has our full support. We know what he is going through is difficult stressful. about One decision not to pay his legal fees in a challenge against his said he had never asked or expected it to. would have thought that the party ... in a supportive way would have not agreed to refer it to the high because the party and the senators did not have the facts before he repeated his intention to represent saying he did not need lawyer to come in and start sucking off my left tit ... because it dehydrates said he had been with One Nation about his legal including a conviction for larceny that forms the basis of the challenge. The conviction stood at the time of the but was later annulled. When agreed to the move to refer the matter to the high she cited a declaration from that he had been eligible to but said it was a matter of honesty that would have to be tested by the told Guardian he was together an affidavit which clearly shows the party knew my true position right they had emails of where I was with my court so the party was fully informed before I even filled out the nomination said as a One Nation senator he was not obliged to vote with his colleagues. He did not confirm his final position on the Building and Construction Commission but the commission a shark that has no teeth ... that sucks on the teat of the government Industrial issues should instead be prosecuted in existing he it be such a loss if Bob Day and Rod disappear from Read said he had come to parliament to do three up the get the banking royal commission and get the back for Western so that state can draft terms of reference for a banking royal commission propose investigating consumer protection for credit revaluations of assets that put consumers in default of their loans and the adequacy of the Securities and Investments Commission and Prudential Regulation Authority as said the which set an ambitious end date of 30 and were delivered to the Labor opposition on only have to smile and it will draw blood on the buttocks of the called for an interim moratorium on all foreclosures and for to immediately agree to set up the which the government has repeatedly refused to do in response to Labor said Western had been deprived of which he described as the the state needed for threatened to sue the commonwealth if it did not increase saying the claim would be based on section a constitutional provision that says the commonwealth cannot discriminate against states with respect to is probably going to save bloody promised a claiming the high rules had been the parliament for a number of He cited a discrepancy between the high court rules and the section of the law dealing with issue of which must be in the name of the the attorney told the Senate the matter was a technical discrepancy between the rules and high court which did not amount to a breach of the not to accuse judges of argument that judges have not properly sworn allegiance to the Queen has been rejected by several courts as unarguable or without 
If buying clothes today is about creating a unique is The Secret Catalog the future of clothes Secret Catalog a physical and experience is the perfect marketing equation of membership and to create an experience that feels exciting and special. also when the shop launched people can buy items on a basis after ordering the winter and receiving the password. Twitter The Secret Catalog. Twitter The Secret Catalog. according to style website meets The Secret founder describes it as The accessories and are shot with a warm filter in soft pastel and presented in a layout that shares the same quality of Rookie. This warm and fuzzy feel is underlined by the theme of the Winter which seems increasingly important as the year tumbles along. The retro quality is also highlighted by the fact you have to order using a physical reminding hipsters of a certain age of the joys of Twitter The Secret Catalog. who runs the company out of heartland in says she wanted to return to a era. wanted to connect with customers in a more personal she says via email. all the time we spend looking at an object like a print connects us to something tactile it helps us consider and be methods of buying clothes are falling by the wayside with high streets across the country resembling visions of dystopia. As destination shops as diverse as and Apparel finding it difficult to attract customers into people are looking for alternative shopping as the success of and have highlighted. adds as we live more and more of our lives there will be an emphasis on shopping experiences that are more personal. In the future will everyone be shopping with The Secret think business will try to craft interactions with customers that are and she says. With the likes of Gap already offering it seems more than 
In I registered with the Bus Driving School. I paid by debit card and was given a date in for the first training session. I was told that I would be contacted by an instructor a week before. Three days before the lesson I had heard nothing and was told that due to problems at the Driver Vehicle Standards Agency the training would be postponed for a week. A week I received a message letting me know that the company had ceased trading. I asked my bank to issue a but it told me that since the company has not gone into it help. nothing on the website to suggest that a problem except that the phone number no longer works. But the two prominent photos of red Transport for are misleading. says it has never heard of the which is not to train people to drive public buses. The only way to do that is to train with one of the contracted bus operators. The which trades as Drivers Training is still listed as on the Companies House register but a spokesperson for Companies House confirms that the process has begun to strike it off as it has failed to file annual you had paid by credit card you could have claimed a refund via your card issuer under Section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act. Debit cards have such legal protection and the which covers thwarted is voluntary. your response is misleading. Whether or not the company has gone into it is still in breach of contract so your claim should be considered under you need help email at or write to Your The Kings 90 Include an address and phone number. problems with 
Once upon a a long time small children might get told off for being loud or unruly as we called it Not so much. In cool to be disruptive. what every startup in Silicon Valley is straining to what has done disrupting the hotel industry as has disrupted taxis and Amazon has disrupted bookshops and almost everything else. Two years ago I went to a conference in and met many people claiming to disrupt many in one what no one anticipated was though it may be convenient to summon a motor vehicle to home with a tap of a button or to buy things while wearing and possibly it might also lead to where we are 6 2016. Two before the world changes Trump is not just an star gone rogue. He is not a version of Lord Sugar. He is what happens when technology changes everything. wrote the professor at Business School who coined the is the mudslide how some scrappy little upstart like overthrew the colossus that once was how some small new technological breakthrough can have Trump. The breathing version of the scrappy little upstart that overturns an entire industry. Only this time not an have Governments have stood by and watched it take down all industries in its path the market must do what the market must do. Only the wave is breaking on its what the last week of this presidential campaign has shown us is that technology has is is threatening to upturn the democratic process itself the most most equitable form of governance the world has yet come up many crucial it even matter who wins on because perhaps the best thing you can say about Trump is that if it been him it would have been someone else. the opposite of the Great Man theory of a misogynistic star is not the days the same hackers who took down Twitter and and the and and last week in the biggest attack of its kind that the world has ever started on a country. Computer had been used to infect inanimate objects in our homes the connected devices that comprise the of things and been a bit are hopelessly has harnessed these to create a gigantic the and honing its power. Last week it took aim at an entire country A huge attack was launched against the two companies that own the only going into the west country bringing its entire infrastructure to a worst case That the hackers behind it are for when aim their massed computing power against is everyday objects in our own toasters and refrigerators. Because this is where we our toasters and refrigerators may be about to be used to subvert the democratic process of the greatest democracy on if that reads like the most lunatic sentence ever you maybe been paying close enough attention to this is the year when it hits home that technology is not just some cool gadget in our pockets. the facilitator of the degraded news space that treats facts and lies the same. That has enabled thousands of algorithms to scrape the for stories about Trump and then was robot accounts that caused to trend after each debate and allowed Trump to claim how a man who set foot on the street for four with just his create havoc in the critical last week of the campaign. By leaking emails that potentially implicate has inserted himself like computer into the heart of the democratic process. infected it. He like the law of unintended consequences writ in human we mind the fact that the data he leaked was stolen. Here in the liberal we championed it. Because it was stolen data that served to underscore our liberal sensibilities. at least mine. And Not so then technology is neutral. There is no left or right. There is only hackers and and in reported last earn money via for writing stories about Trump and making them go viral on a single town there are at least 140 websites about politics run by kids who make money from fabricated stories. Teenagers can earn up to a month by making up things about Trump. They care about Trump or or anyone else. just worked out what the US public wants to read and have found a way of serving it up to them whether true or best way of making money via is to write and the best the stories that are spread widest and furthest in and are stories about Trump. More false stories about in 2016 we read the news we want to read. The the means by which and give us more of what we or what we already know our searches and our are programmed to reflect our previous searches and is becoming not so much a bubble as a ghetto. Walled closed not just that search engines have been shown to influence election results the higher up a name is listed in any the more likely they are to win. also that the less we know about how other people the less we increasingly living in an echo exposed only to views which chime with our own. The impression this gives is that everyone is like thinks like wants to be like most people are not like us. Maybe what 2016 has come to teach us. That and the idea that and are out to make the world a better place is both absurd and matter what Mark wants or what intends. The people who donated to intend to get the first potential female US president investigated by the Nobody wanted their fridge to bring down intend to drive all newspapers out of business. just something that is happening along the this the big one. The Great Disruption. With Trump the Great democracy Will Is a free and fair election possible in a world when every word any candidate has ever written can be stolen and exposed and Who a from here on in. Go tell that to your filter bubble. Because all you can do. No one else is 
Losing your wallet or having it stolen is a nuisance but when on it can ruin the hope of a good according to a security consultant who has traveled to more than 110 countries. carry critical personal information like credit cards and a license in their and a lost or stolen one is a bigger headache and harder to recover from when he said. But there are ways to minimize the damage from that missing wallet and keep your trip from going and shared advice on how to do just that. KNOW YOUR CONTENTS You know your wallet is but do you know in In his training said that he has his attendees look inside their wallets and he finds that most are surprised at what they unearth. have insurance credit cards and other pieces of personal information they forgot they but if you know in your you report it he said. He suggests keeping an inventory of your contents in your email or on an encrypted cloud server such as Drive or CARRY ONLY ESSENTIALS Most people carry too many credit and cards in their advising that you travel with only the ones you rely on daily. carry both your Social Security card and license in your wallet because one piece of identification is generally sufficient when traveling. more personal information you the more work you have to do to get he said. HAVE BACKUPS OF DOCUMENTS Make copies of all the documents in your and leave these copies with a family member or trusted neighbor back at home. And include a checklist of phone numbers to call in case your wallet goes such as the numbers of your bank and credit card company. You can also scan and email these copies to yourself or store them on a cloud server. These backups and numbers allow you to quickly report your cards missing. if you be left without the identification you need to get back home. In suggested having a copy of a backup credit card on your email or cloud server and leaving the actual card at home with someone you trust if you need a replacement right that person can send you the card overnight. RELY ON THE EMBASSY If traveling internationally and end up losing your wallet but have no backups of your credit cards and the local United States Embassy is your best resource to get your life back in order. embassy can help you get temporary identification and also loan you said. Your tour if you used may also be able to assist.
The former environment minister Peter has declared the Labor party could arrest the decline in its primary vote by putting the environment at the of its policy and political issued the challenge to his former parliamentary colleagues over the weekend during a lecture he delivered to the branch of the lecture is a prelude to a push will launch on with the former Western premier and federal minister and the former trade minister to strengthen grassroots environmental campaign the Labor Environment Action Network the midst of the current craziness of the alt right both here and I believe Labor now has a unique opportunity to cement its position as the true party of protecting our natural environment as shadow climate change minister Mark Butler has put said in the weekend Oil Peter is back and ready to dance again Read said Labor had always been the party of environmental but the party needs to make its commitment to the environment more explicit in order to win over progressive who have drifted away from Labor to the with Labor again just a heartbeat away from I believe federal increasingly low primary vote could be arrested if it unequivocally put environment at the of its policy and political told branch members in Twitter Lean is a relatively new grassroots lobby group within Labor. In the to the last ALP national conference in 2015 the group launched a successful rank and file campaign to persuade Bill Shorten to sign up to a renewable energy works and it followed a strategy of pushing climate resolutions through many local ALP branches before bringing them on for debate on the national conference activist group got the numbers to lock the federal leadership in behind an ambitious renewable energy policy by first activating the grassroots membership and then working with the key the which represents workers in the energy activist group wants to bolt itself into the institutional architecture of the ALP through the which is designed to give the group the resources to lobby the party and activate the Labor membership in time for the planned review of the Direct Action policy next an email that will go out to party members on argues the ALP membership needs to hold the feet to the fire when it comes to environmental just happen. We have to fight for in the and in the he starts from the grassroots. It takes long hours of policy research. Of the country going branch to branch. Of deep collaboration and negotiation with the union 
who were detained by the police while they were on a bus bound for have been released to a human rights an advocate for rights said The of the International Campaign for said early in that the human rights the Human Rights Organization of and other contacts in had told her that immigration officials and the police had allowed all the to be released. Ms. said the were mostly from and regions now ruled by and were on a pilgrimage to sacred sites in and It is likely that they planned to go in to an important the in an she said. It is unclear what those will do now. They could end up at the transit center of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. From many make their way to against wishes. Ms. said the were in a precarious The Human Rights Organization of did not respond to an email asking for an update on the situation of the The the spiritual leader of the is expected to teach at the gathering from 3 to 14. He offers this teaching regularly at different and many try to make their way to the site where the attained when the Lama travels there from his home in northern to teach. In security officials detained hundreds of after they returned from the in Many of them were released later. The government opposes the Lama and calls him a but remain devoted to and many try to travel to to see him. Since a widespread uprising across regions in the government has increased its security presence on the border and has prevented many from leaving. The number of making their way to has plummeted. China is also exercising greater influence over and in complain of more detentions there and a ban on protests. Ms. said officials were making great efforts to prevent from traveling to this year for the teaching. we know is that the authorities have tightened controls on in some areas going from house to house to confiscate she said. the last few government officials have confiscated passports in the areas of and and according to some also in and the Autonomous she added. who have already arrived in and for pilgrimage and for attending the religious ceremony in have already been ordered to and their families pressured by the no doubt for this group of things will be very she given that they will now be on the radar of the authorities in given the nature of the relationship between the two
I want to raise the canopy of my mature holly tree to put a bench under it. How and when do I do best time to prune a holly is in late the idea being that it have time to put on any new growth before winter sets in. In you can prune as crown as this technique is is very different from pruning a hedge. In spring you may see a flush of growth from the places you have but just have to keep removing these new why my wildflowers Read lower branches back to the trunk using loppers or a pruning saw. Look for the branch collar the slight bulge where branch meets trunk and make your cut just outside this point. Go as once a branch is no going back. If you add whole holly branches to the compost heap be cursing those prickly leaves for years to so shred them first. you could be thrifty and use the branches to protect emerging broad beans from nibbling or make a dead hedge somewhere hidden as a wildlife Got a question for Email 
A month ago I tried to write a column proposing mean nicknames for on the basis that it would be funny to turn the tables on him for the cruel diminutives he applied to pull it off. There is a darkness about Trump that negates that sort of a folly so an incompetence so profound that no insult could plumb its has run one of the lousiest presidential campaigns ever. In saying so I am not referring to his business practices or his vulgar remarks about women. I mean this in a purely technical this man fractured his own party. His convention was a fiasco. He had no ground game to speak of. The list of celebrities and pundits and surrogates taking his side on the campaign trail was extremely short. He needlessly offended countless groups of disabled mothers of crying the Bush and among others. He even lost for now he is going to be president of the United States. The woman we were constantly assured was the candidate of all time has lost to the least qualified candidate of all time. Everyone who was anyone rallied around and it make any difference. The man too incompetent to insult is now going to sit in the Oval whence he will hand down his verdicts on the grandees and sages of the old there is a bright side to a Trump victory. After there was a reason that tens of millions of good people voted for him and maybe he will live up to their high regard for him. He has pledged to the of and maybe he will sincerely tackle that task. He has promised to renegotiate and maybe will finally come to pass. Maybe win so much for us he once predicted in a campaign that get sick of not deceive ourselves. We going to win anything. What happened on is a both for liberalism and for the world. As President Trump goes about settling scores with his former picking fights with other and unleashing his special deportation police on this group and we will all soon have cause to regret his ascension to the presidential throne. What we need to focus on now is the obvious what the hell went What species of guided our Democratic leaders as they went about losing what they told us was the most important election of our at the top. she has an impressive she worked hard on the campaign trail. But she was exactly the wrong candidate for this populist moment. An insider when the country was screaming for an outsider. A technocrat who offered when the country wanted to take a sledgehammer to the machine. Twitter victory speech in was the Democratic candidate because it was her turn and because a victory would have moved every Democrat in up a notch. Whether or not she would win was always a secondary something that was taken for granted. Had winning been the number one several more suitable candidates were ready to go. There was with his powerful plainspoken and there was an inspiring and largely figure. Each of them would probably have beaten but neither of them would really have served the interests of the party so Democratic leaders made their candidate even though they knew about her closeness to the her fondness for and her unique vulnerability on the trade issue each of which Trump exploited to the fullest. They chose even though they knew about her private email server. They chose her even though some of those who studied the Foundation suspected it was a sketchy try to put over such a nominee while screaming that the Republican is a monster is to court disbelief. If Trump is a as liberals often Democrats should have put in their strongest player to stop not a party hack chosen because it was her turn. Choosing her indicated either that Democrats mean what they said about that their opportunism took precedence over the or maybe supporters among the media help either. It always struck me as strange that such an unpopular candidate enjoyed such robust and unanimous endorsements from the editorial and opinion pages of the but it was the quality of the enthusiasm that really harmed her. With the same arguments repeated over and two or three times a with nuance and contrary views all the act of opening the newspaper started to feel like tuning in to a Cold War propaganda station. what it consisted was virtually without flaws. She was a peerless leader clad in saintly a a caring benefactor of women and a warrior for social scandals real. The economy was doing well was already people supporting if they it was only because they were botched humans. Racism was the only conceivable reason for lining up with the Republican candidate. How did the crusade The fourth estate came together in an unprecedented professional consensus. They chose insulting the other side over trying to understand what motivated them. They transformed opinion writing into a vehicle for high moral boasting. What could possibly have gone wrong with such an Put this question in slightly more general terms and you are confronting the single great mystery of 2016. The class just spent the year rallying around a professional really all that and either insulting or silencing everyone who accept their assessment. And then they lost. Maybe time to consider whether something about shrill shouted from a position of high social that turns people even larger problem is that there is a kind of chronic complacency that has been rotting liberalism for a hubris that tells Democrats they need do nothing they need deliver nothing really to anyone except their friends on the jet and those nice people at The rest of us are treated as though we have nowhere else to go and no role to play except to vote enthusiastically on the grounds that these Democrats are the thing between us and the end of the world. It is a liberalism of the it has failed the middle and now it has failed on its own terms of Enough with these comfortable Democrats and their cozy system. Enough with and its prideful air of virtue. elections 
Vital interrogation of the science behind freezing humans is being stifled because scientists fear being and according to a leading researcher in the said scientists risked damaging their careers and being excluded from scientific societies if they worked on the controversial science used last month to freeze the body of a cancer frozen girl's father says providers exploit the vulnerable Read is an enormous to the conversation about among said who works on the of large human organs and biopsies at the laboratory at the University of scientists who would like to discuss it it tends to significantly hurt their career in fact can potentially even get them kicked out of their scientific claim comes after the father of the teenage who was granted her dying wish to have her body accused those who provide the service of taking advantage of vulnerable high court upheld the wishes of the known only as who decided before her death from cancer that she wanted her body to be preserved in the hope that she could be brought back to life at a later time. Her estranged father initially opposed her wishes but changed his mind saying it was last and only thing she has asked from in an interview with the Mail on he said that after discussions with the Institute in where his body is he remained strongly believe they are selling false hope to those who are frightened of taking advantage of vulnerable he said. I asked if there was even a one in a million chance of my daughter being brought back to they could not say there argued that could not be dismissed solely as science and said it was likely that in five to 10 years experts would be able to revive a small mammal such as a mouse after it had been preserved in liquid is very risky to say that anything is impossible in science or technology in the 21st century people who use the word impossible are very he said. you are looking for the why would you put barriers also founded a start which enables customers to their biological material. Prof Anders a research fellow at the Future of Humanity Institute at Oxford said scientists reliant on grants and looking for tenures might exercise young scientists are afraid to hurt their he said. about the future can be very Being seen to be eccentric in the wrong way is frowned enthusiasts argue that the stigma surrounding the area could leave people vulnerable to unscrupulous companies ready to fill the void left by of the group which prepared the body for transportation to the freezing facility in said the all of whose staff are would welcome danger for us is that as the idea gets more companies wanting to make a profit could spring up and damage us by advantage of he judge who ruled on the case was critical of how the process had been carried voluntary is said to have been and resulting in pressure being placed on the hospital to allow procedures that had not been disputed saying body preparation and freezing had been done the law and required despite a which meant an ambulance used by the group was substituted by a said the page membership had increased by to around since phone has not stopped ringing and I have about 200 emails to he a professor of at College has called for a ban on the marketing of He said the idea of preserving a whole body was and a whole brain slightly less cosmologist and astrophysicist Martin said he did not believe research was being stifled. are serious people working on it and they are aware though embryos can be immensely unlikely that it would ever work for said even if it were a desirable development and I actually think it be most serious scientists would choose not to work on it because they think the problem is timely or those interested in the area who were hopeful that scientific developments could see the reanimation of humans who had been frozen would continue to work under the said added that such as space travel and organ transplantation had all suffered need to start making a big he said. will keep on working on organ no one will call us crazy and eventually we will end up with a solution for the whole and 
In Trump will become President of the United States of and the most technologically advanced surveillance infrastructure in the world will start reporting directly to revealed the extent of the National Security domestic surveillance regime in he warned that a new president could rapidly expand its scope overnight with just a simple change of government new leader will be said. flip the say that because of the because of the dangers that we face in the some new and unpredicted we need more we need more and there will be nothing the people can do at that point to oppose it. And it will be turnkey in many other policy we yet know plans for but better safe than sorry. Protecting yourself from surveillance by the but with information security technologies it is possible. In possible to fit the basic guidelines in a like this from the pseudonymous security researcher the use use use full disk use a password use two factor messaging has got a lot easier over the past few particularly with the rise of encrypted such as developed by Open Whisper gold standard of encrypted communications is still an encryption standard first released 25 years ago by While has the of being one of the few encryption systems that the appears to have not developed a workable attack it is also tricky to with few good mobile options and a number of potential usability hiccups which can result in accidental exposure of by is very easy to use. The lets users add each other using their phone before providing a QR code for double checking that no has intercepted the initial communication. Scan each QR and if they both flash good to you can use Signal from then on like a conventional messaging even installing a desktop extension so you can chat on the switching to another is too much hassle or if switching family and colleagues to it is there are good alternatives in the commercial sphere. Both and offer with the latter even using the same open standard developed by unencrypted such as and as well as with an encrypted mode like and Messenger. too easy to accidentally forget to turn on the encrypted or get lazy and stop using it altogether. And definitely avoid email and both of which are sent unencrypted and are easy to once called The Onion is a technology most associated with the Dark Web the shady part of the that hits headlines for being full of illegal material. But the technology was by the US state to help activists in repressive nations communicate freely and effective for keeping all of your browsing out of the reach of prying works by up data into which are then encrypted multiple times to dictate a path through a network of volunteer computers before reaching the final destination. Like a game of each in the network receives the bundle and decrypts one which reveals the instructions for where to pass it on means that the destination server know where the request came and the relays in the middle know neither the user nor the destination. the system is secure from eavesdropping. Tor Hidden which make up the core of the Dark are even more as the destination server is itself a fully configured Tor ensuring the request need never return to the surface web. That means that an observer tell that a Tor user has even visited the site at let alone which particular Tor user. Among the companies running Tor Hidden Services are the Guardian and there are more difficulties to using Tor than there are Signal. For the nature of the network will make browsing more the limited capacity imposes bandwidth constraints slowing while many uneasy about having users who they identify through will block Tor there is more scope for error with Tor. possible to mess up and send some information over an unencrypted connection if you which can provide a fingerprint that an eavesdropping agency can use to you. In there have been successful attacks on which work by flooding the network with fake relay points in an attempt to control all of the middle nodes on a given you are in a country which just elected a populist demagogue you can help counter these efforts by setting up your own Tor full disk is easier than ever these days. On a you will likely have full disk encryption on by default if you are running a recent version of Check by going to the Security and Privacy tab of system preferences and clicking on If turned good to Windows only slightly harder. full disk encryption on by but can be turned on by searching for from the start clicking device encryption then and turning it on. Similar settings are available in older versions of Windows going back to running a version of Windows older than you need to is no longer issuing security updates for your leaving you essentially undefended against any and all there is a if you forget your passwords when you have full disk encryption turned you will not be able to recover your disk encryption will only protect you if your computer is actually turned or logged though. If in the habit of simply letting it sleep while not using a password manager and two factor final piece of advice is both the best general security and the least relevant for the majority of people when it comes to living under the While encrypted communications are important for protecting users from where a huge amount of personal communications are automatically intercepted and fixing passwords do there is no evidence the engages in hacking of accounts not already under even if you worry about being specifically securing your accounts is just good sense. The actions you take to fight repressive regimes may only end up protecting your bank but still a password such as or lets you generate and store unguessable and you should use a unique one for every account you have. You should be doing this as a matter of even if you only passwords on access can be used to gain greater or not you reuse services like Troy Have I Been are good too. Hunt monitors for large scale password and will email you if any of your accounts have been posted in the in security breaches like hack of accounts in protects you even if you lose your passwords. Companies including and Apple all offer different forms of requiring you to either enter a code displayed on another or approve the when logging up to is always on the hunt for ways to hack into but that mean it perfectly happy to use methods to access information too. Always keep your software up to installing security updates as soon as to avoid being targeted through a security weakness which has already been fixed. Like all the best this will serve you well in your day to day too. like infections frequently spread by taking advantage of flaws in software like Adobe so keeping that up to date will protect you from the and from is also a reason to reconsider your model of phone. While Apple has a long track record of shipping security updates for devices long after the Android landscape is more patchy. has promised to update its Pixel while manufacturers like keep their like the Galaxy up to date. But cheaper models are often left with the version of Android they ship with meaning they rapidly become use this as a moment to take stock. That about to does it really need to know your Does it need access to your Could information you share publicly be used against What about information you share but through insecure Do you need to chat to colleagues using your communication rather than or even over the Is your archive of thousands of or millions of enough for a determined attacker to damage you give me six lines written by the hand of the most honest of I will find something in them which will hang wrote Cardinal Four hundred years and modern are spoiled for and computer 
not difficult to do a but hard getting people to not difficult to do a hard is getting people to listen to it. not going to mislead there are a lot of out there. What anyone has to do to get anyone to listen to who I know. Before you were chosen by a network or a label or a comedy club and given an here it all rests with you and how you find your way out of the tremendous pile of stuff. the trick. I think that once you start having big ideas about how much money going to make from your or how going to get this or that out there or what needs to happen and a lot of energy goes into it sort of amplifies the possibilities for disappointment. a difficult entrepreneurial but we go into it because of 50 you need to hear Read is a great technology. a medium that anyone can do and you can just throw your hat into the ring. But getting people to that is just as hard as anything else you can create and put out in the world. But with you have much to lose. Just temper your expectations and try to create what you want to create. Figure out how to get people to hear it and like it. think that you necessarily have the idea or that everything is going to turn around. Just do the best that you can do and try to realize your vision and see if other people like it. If they on them. And if that bothers you can just keep trying to get people to like I but never been my With Special secret to success is making it fun for Twitter connective tissue between advice and comedy is PROne of the perks of my format is that I have to prepare in advance. My guest is the and they determine the theme of the show and the character play. They tell me anything until already so the show is fully improvised. But I do 10 hours of vocal before each show and refuse to record until done a thousand crunches in total silence. Because the guest is playing the role of the important for them to feel as comfortable as possible choosing a theme and character for themselves that they enjoy makes it much easier to jump right into the conversation. never felt like anyone did a bad job at been lucky to have a ton of amazing performers on my show. The secret to success is sticking with it and making it fun for yourself. The that keep my attention are those where I can feel the hosts and guests are enjoying themselves or are really passionate about the subject matter. The connective tissue between advice and comedy is passion. spend 30 to 40 hours preparing each Twitter successful do one they deliver consistent quality content that exceeds the no secret or magic pill to ensure a but there are some best practices. I think all successful do one they deliver consistent quality content that exceeds the expectations. I spend 30 to 40 hours preparing each episode that includes producing and launching the episode. The rest of my time is spent on the television press live bookkeeping and and fan email. I get hundreds of those each month. I started Lore by and have just been trying to figure it out as I go. The fans are and like cheerleaders. This is a and growing every so having them along for the ride to cheer me on is powerful. one thing that makes me subscribe to a quality. I give a lot of shows a try. A friend will recommend a or see one highlighted in an article and click the link. So happy to try things out. But if not I come back. My time is too limited to listen to mediocre content when so much good stuff out The Combat Jack Just do Twitter jump anyone who wants to start a my advice is just do it. be worry about whether you sound like this person or that person or what level of expertise on just do it. Just jump in. really important to train your audience to expect something that is going to be delivered on schedule. If you have a weekly deliver it weekly. I am very meticulous with regard to my preparation before interviews. I spend a lot of hours researching and finding just random interviews and anything random that I can find about my guests to bring a different a different element to the interview. I want to make my interview with my guests really unique. all about can be a very intimate experience with your your listeners. Be forthcoming and honest with your particularly when it comes down to your personality involved in the Let them know your shortcomings and let them endear themselves to you and let them feel as if they can champion you as you champion your Pop Culture Happy other Twitter about where you want the show to end expectations are a very important starting especially with People have a really inaccurate understanding of how much work they both from a content point and especially from a production standpoint. People understand that people who produce chat shows spend a lot of time editing and cutting them. be in the position of thinking that for the low price of a couple of hours of work a week you can make something that is going to make something that sounds like it came out of When starting a think about where you want the show to end up and what you can do to get yourself to that point. Think about who you want involved in your show and what kind of quality control you want to put on it. There is so much benefit in embracing other other people who make If you listen to people who make other if you engage with people who make other you can learn so much about what you want to do with your own 
A man who tried to join the State and later told an informer that the group wanted to stage an attack in Times Square similar to the one that killed 86 people in last summer was arrested in New on the authorities said. The who is facing charges of trying to provide material support to began expressing support for the also known as and on social media in 2014 and traveled overseas to try to join the group three months according to a criminal complaint. He first went to then to according to the complaint. He appeared in federal court in on night and remained in said N. a spokeswoman for the United States office for the Eastern District of New She said no bail was set. the defendant was persistent in his efforts to join and support its terrorist L. the United States said in a statement. Prosecutors presented no evidence that an attack in Times Square was actually planned. G. said in an email that she was sure what can be about the case. client has not been formally she said. much else to say at this stage of the Prosecutors based their allegations against in part on a series of recorded conversations he had both in and in the United States with an informer. He told the informer the best ways to join the according to the and described the desire to attack Times Square with a garbage similar to the attack in Nice in was saying if there is a I mean a garbage and one drives it there to Times Square and crushes he told the informer. want an operation in Times reconnaissance group already put out a the State already put up scenes of Times you he added. said that was an indication for whoever is smart to In another conversation that took place over while was in prosecutors he told the belong to State is a legal permanent resident of the United States who was born in While there in he made several attempts to travel to according to the complaint. described his experience in in frequent emails to his who was not named in the complaint. Several of those emails appeared to demonstrate his support for the and some suggested he might have succeeded in joining its according to the complaint. One email contained a video of an State reciting portions of the and another contained quotations from an propagandist for who was killed in in 2011. On sent his wife an email that contained a picture of himself wearing a tactical vest equipped with a large the lower half of his face covered by a bandanna. He posted similar photos to a page he registered under a prosecutors said. Six days later he sent his wife an email with the subject line day on the It contained a video on which gunfire could be heard while voices think taking coming I and He also asked his wife to wire money to him. Over the course of several months she sent around to a man in whom the authorities did not name. That money eventually reached returned to New in 2015. Prosecutors said his support for the State continued after he returned.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving and a northern in the be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the news and features with our journalists below the but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email or with or continue the conversation where also be checking in. Have a great from us leave you with random hugs all 25 2016 you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion one thing that's worth hanging on met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types they're alright if you know how to take can be a bit weird and intense about some but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice if you're coming home from work and you spot a give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or you just do Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the was to censor videos of sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the how and The new porn restrictions explained Read place in a free and open 23 2016 sort of censorship has no place in a free and open should be free to consume whatever material they regardless of how distasteful others may find provided all subjects involved are performing with of hilariously 23 2016 only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to hilariously was even pushing for this to 23 2016 so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show drug use and how about sports like it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass completely and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is 24 2016 the hell kind of a category is Who gets to define When it comes to government should not be in the business of regulating what is or just what is do you Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. for one reader paved with gold 25 2016 experience in living in for short periods in Green and was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of in seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in in where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in like In Fabric had its revoked following the deaths of two who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months after an impressive campaign from the nightlife the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read deal was struck between the Met and council. not plain sailing Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning enhanced covert surveillance within the lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still a approach to drugs in clubs be is probably impossible to ever over anything such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside. will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for management. On a more positive the nightlife community has never seemed more focused and closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to do you feel that nightlife has been Leaving the north of England for for the only way to find work that is according to a new study that says there is a from the with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last great northern brain daydream about moving Read shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the and there was lively debate after it was published many of you also telling stories of moving the other great for the up north is better for an 21 2016 in one of the suburbs at the end of the Met most of my life. Loved the the the the culture up miss the things that make great. Don't miss the the the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up love the great for the up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic need to get their out of 21 2016 need to get their OUT of All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small office that they share with other and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their money on wages and and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me love to move back to 21 2016 love to move back to The reminder that our mayor is a former Gay just made me well up with pride. An liberal city with character. Problem is looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south. The front page of the Guardian 5 May 1821. Frank Baron for the Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back 21 2016 Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication there is no good reason to be in Sell the Guardian building and rent inexpensive offices up the survival of the Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in one more presumably from the West 21 2016 other week there was a piece about the number of moving out to It wasn't a brain drain so presumably they were all going in that do you think have you made the Would If you from the have you noticed a similar debate about to or from the And on that publicity is bad point raised by another reader 25 2016 there no such thing as bad publicity for the election because of the huge animosity to it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows and already he is moderating his tone and output. 25 2016 is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being is a bit like being a or A couple of your comments on Trump vs the 25 2016 he's the media are within the Trump let's report on Pence getting booed at you clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and let's report disproportionately on and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election. 25 2016 people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the we're never going to get back to more progressive regard to this quoted passage above the it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Trump and the everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the did his tactics mortally wound the fourth Read the had released a video direct to camera on setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump using the power of social media to bypass news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the people. What doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold fact and fairness to name but three. Don Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for 25 2016 I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw is no such thing as bad He does not mind upsetting in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out or the latest group he they are still talking about Trump. After the shocking some might say results of election this year in the US and can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the Electing a misogynist as leader of the world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are we can find strength from working together. Trump is a vile misogynist but he's not the only one Read can feminist activists in China inspire women in What can women teach us about fighting the state for human How can college students in and the US support each other to stop sexual times of solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we agree with. be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series. A few of you have been responding to our colleague thoughts below on cat 25 2016 Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his Thanksgiving just heal 25 2016 think that trumps mo is pretty clear make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn on those terms will wear thin very quickly vagues 25 2016 like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this a couple more views on the questions raised by 25 2016 people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted in the and the ones who offer the number of votes you feel that has not worked for them or their communities. either try to understand this and move and be ready for when the opportunity inevitably or you can just carry on blaming for calling people stupid and never regain political power. 25 2016 think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question be better off outside the We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning what Trump was tweeting about last news We regret to inform you that the of the US has been tweeting again seems completely unprecedented to have the of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his or that the New Times is or that thinking about appointing this person or that person to a also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a cat where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something Another thought from a reader on that 25 2016 we too quick to blame for primarily because we haven't Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving in this open was your Thanksgiving fraught with election Read more Whatever your is not going away perhaps even any time soon in line with that picture of former prime minister the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John recent case for second referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to question below share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation 25 2016 we too quick to blame for may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum which a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame 25 2016 we too quick to blame for Five months there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the The Lib are the only major party in and Wales opposing and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures. in 2005. Remember Images 25 2016 seems to me that May et are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was it was political it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And are to blame for not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. voters are to blame for being gullible and 25 2016 we too quick to blame for In fairness it's not a new trend newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the the families who are just managing. maybe even more nothing at all for the more for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people even though it is the biggest single cause of the crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read just when it seemed things be along came the Institute for Fiscal analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by for most families pay would only just be back at the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row also known as judging was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the wing. Or do you think they have a Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame for everything the other economies are not exactly And is it legitimate for the to keep fighting for what we believe or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with Hello everyone. looking forward to starting our weekly where we gather with readers to discuss the top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything let us know in the comments or by
or The valet asks the question eyes not quite meeting those of the contemplative man standing before him. Frank Ocean has been staying at this secluded hotel here for a while long enough that when the valet spies him coming down the front he knows the routine. On this the the Model X with the rear doors. the dash looks like the helm of a with a center console map display bigger than an once on the Ocean never consults. been more than a year since had a steady home most of his beloved cars are in storage. He moves from city to hotel to hotel. In a couple of be in New looking for an apartment. A day after turn 29. Four years he released a supremely confident deconstruction of contemporary and announced that his first love had been with a man. In the subsequent he was nominated for six performed at the ceremony and toured the world. And he was gone not quite a full but something like it. What had appeared to be the beginning of a stunning ascent instead curled into a question mark. this past Ocean and with a bounty a visual album streaming followed by another digital complemented by a glossy Boys distributed at shops in four cities. But apart from a lighthearted note and a couple of photos posted on his Ocean speak publicly. Having emerged from the ether with Ocean returned to it his mystery intact. Not that you would be able to sense the swirl of curiosity that surrounds him by his demeanor. During conversations over two days last month edited excerpts are below he was preternaturally consistently reflexively and wryly funny. This has been the case for years. It made him something of an when he emerged as part of the Odd Future and an still when he catapulted into top a group of people not much given to pensive remove. Over the past three his absence from the pop troposphere a void interrupted only by the occasional post or paparazzi shot has felt like a position statement against celebrity while simultaneously guaranteeing that by fervent would grow even wider. His exile began in earnest in 2013. He was living in a apartment high over Sunset and with a panoramic view of South But the city was choking People had stolen money from there were sorts of things going on in the and he grew concerned about the management of his affairs. started to weigh on me that I was responsible for the moves that had made me but I reaping the share of the and that was problematic for me. in the midst of all of this feeling of he added. my there was a lot of places I thought I could turn that I felt like I turn to So he hopping a plane to a city where he barely knew with only a duffel bag full of clothes and a backpack carrying the precious hard drives holding all of his music. a fine line between a sane escape and running away. Did you feel you were on one side or the other of I never thought about it like that. I always thought about it if your house is on you need to get out of the house. Did you feel that certain things in your career also gone the way you would have Certain moments were drawbacks for sure. Now I look at things but at the yeah. Audiences in excess of five million people national I was always reluctant to do those things except in cases where they had this nostalgic significance to me. Like performing at the being tapped to perform at the me saying yes to those things had a lot to do with how those things made me feel before I was actually in the business. And just wanting to be rubbing shoulders with those people and being seen at those places. I still was reluctant and sort of skeptical of those things because I questioned whether or not I was prepared. I feel like the public knock on you is that you want to be or you want to be in some kind of retreat from the spotlight. Sometimes fascinated with how famous my work could be while not so famous. of the fact that Daft Punk can wear robot helmets and be one of the most famous bands in the while also understanding that will never be my situation. too late. hard to articulate how I think about myself as a public figure. gotten used to being Frank Ocean. A lot of people stopped me on the street when I put music out in a literally would yell out of an where the Has dating been difficult for you in this period of increased I think normal would be the whatever that word which is usually nothing. in a very different place than I was four or five years ago with all that stuff. Different in my relationship with which means everything. shame or you crisis. Have you been in love since since Not the lasting kind. Control is often at the forefront of mind. When he was on his concerts would be recorded each and he would watch the type up notes and email them to his team to prepare for a morning meeting. When and were being he carried the hard drives with his music in his and the rather the plane goes down in flames and the drives go down with me than somebody put out a weird posthumous When he answers he takes meaningful mulling over before answering in expansive stories paired with precise bursts of logic. After bouncing around hotels in he moved into a furnished apartment that he eventually stripped bare of all but the just wanted to be able to walk around and not run into an end table or some useless piece of He rode electric bikes around the made new friends is not as difficult as celebrities make it went on dates. He recorded in a handful of including Abbey where he asked for the to be removing furniture and bringing in flower arrangements. Piece by the music that would become and was coming though up until it had been slow going. begun recording at Electric Lady in New but after he took a pause away from the the rhythm of writing was gone. had block for almost a he said. During that he would go to the at the monitors and come up with or nothing that I That dry spell broke only after he reconnected with a childhood friend from New who was going through difficult times. That he me feel as though I should talk about the way I grew up He decided that he wanted and to be more autobiographical than his earlier releases. wrote in two he said. end product always that depiction of the real struggle that So he turned and telling stories about his family and romantic relationships some like on care for he cares for good some like on grown up on the same was written about someone who I was actually in a relationship who an unrequited he said. was it was just we really relate. We really on the same In like on he manipulated his voice to sound to better capture the time he was evoking. Many of the new songs have two or three competing narratives different points of view participating in the same story. was my version of collage or he said. we experience memory not linear. not telling the stories to we know the just seeing it in flashes On you used a lot of different voices. Sometimes I felt like you hearing enough versions of me within a there was a lot of hyperactive thinking. Even though the pace of the not the pace of ideas being thrown out is. Are they always multiple points of or are they multiple Franks interrupting each other to be the same thing to me because my point of view from one emotional state to another is a different point of view. Sometimes I want to talk on a song and be because I am angry. Then always a part of me that remembers that this record lives past my being and so do I really want to be angry about Is that feeling going to have Were you working toward a fixed idea on these Or was it mutating and evolving as you When I was making the there was 50 versions of I have a little and he heard one of the and gotta put that one the And I was not the because it give me peace yet. You were reaching for something just just melodies. I know what combination of those objects is gonna make me feel how I need to feel. But I know precisely the feeling that needs to happen. At the same time he was chasing a he was trying to regain control of his business relationships. He replaced his team new new new publicist. And he began negotiations to free himself from his contract with Def the label that had signed him in 2009 and effectively shelved him until his debut caused a stir in 2011. chess is how he described the process of buying himself out of his contract and purchasing back all of his master recordings using his own he said. As a condition of the he Def Jam took on distribution of his next which is available only as a streaming video album on Apple Music. less than two days came a big released independently by Ocean. Music paid to host the premiere of but Ocean said there was no ongoing relationship with This was an album wholly his own that took center debuted atop the Billboard album chart with the opening week of the behind only Drake and When releasing and he took his know that once out so not really tripping on how long He described his mood after the release of as Rather than going on a promotional playing radio festivals and making the usual he spent about a month just around. You solved some rather intractable business issues. You the cast of professionals who work on your career. Were those your main With this record in I wanted to feel like I won before the record came and I and so it took a lot pressure off of me about how the record even would perform after the fact. Once the goal is everything else is lagniappe. not essential for me to have a big debut not essential for me to have big radio records. What about the data the the I know exactly what the numbers are. I need to know. I need to know how many records how many album equivalents from which territories are playing my music more than because it helps me in conversations about where gonna be playing or where I might open a retail like a store or something. Do you feel like the numbers are commensurate with what you thought they would or should we doubled first week. always gonna be could have done a little bit I guess a satisfaction that comes with looking at numbers like and No of Master of equity on my record. And there have been too. In Ocean won two and he has been nominated but come he will not win because he chose not to submit his music for consideration. institution certainly has nostalgic he said. just seem to be representing very well for people who come from where I come and hold down what I hold He noted that since he was just a few black artists have won album of the including Quincy and Ray Though Ocean said the reached out to his he never spoke with them directly before making his decision. think the infrastructure of the awarding system and the nomination system and screening system is he said. rather this be my moment for the than sit there in the This willingness to remove himself from a situation not designed for him to thrive in is perhaps greatest gift. His backbone is firm. Though he still publishes emotional decrees on from time to time his note on the death of Prince was he largely avoids social media. His Twitter is gone. Usually a handful of trusted friends or family members make him aware of things he might need or want to know. was his agent who told him about recent speech on his He is as much as artist what he does may be less important than what he chooses not to do. And moving what he may choose not to do is release an album without a visual or even release something album length at all. not in a record I have to operate in an album he said. can operate in Or he might devote less time to music. believe that one of the best in the world at what I and all ever wanted to he said. more interesting for me to figure out how to be superior in areas where where a A few weeks he was flying back from with his mother after a White House state where he had been one of President guests. Ocean told her how been poking around the visual arts degree offerings at the New thinking about what it would take to begin to learn and refine a new craft. you have time to do she told him. And he laughing now. After a long the is parked behind an anonymous recording where about to go work on new music. trying to flex up on my he said. it was personal service announcement to to just be like look at your you have the luxury of Now finished back in control. has always been my life and no one he how always been since the day I came in
you anyone said that to you after one your happened to me. In if I had a pound for every time heard that I would be well on the way to bridging the pay gap between academic and technical teaching am a technical instructor. all about pushing buttons and pulling I even pronounce let alone deliver it. Many higher education institutes running degrees employ technical instructors to teach the areas not covered by the theory in the lecture rooms. My particular group of instructors is made up of people who have skills and experience. We are not recent graduates. We are industry professionals who want to pass on our skills so that students are equipped for the workplace when they makes how to become a vocational lecturer Read technical instructors get paid significantly less than academics. scholarly promotion opportunities and ridiculously long annual leave are not part of our contracts. We are placed in the same union as call workers and security staff. We are in a lower social class than our academic I mention that we have a different management structure from the entire academic This means that we get shown the qualitative data from the National Student which points to the technical team as the strength of the year after year. when I asked the academic manager to see the I was told it would a lot of before I could see it. The thing we do see as we have ways to circumnavigate the system. We understand that really means trying to withhold negative comments about some of their staff. Plus a bit awkward if it points to our technical team as a strength in the teaching and as we are paid significantly less than does sound a bit like and some people clearly know the difference between the two. I am referred to as a technician on a daily basis. I can only assume this word association is why we are the first port of call whenever there is a technical problem with something like slides. They call on us with teaching of although this would actually be more appropriate. After a lot of us are fellows of the Higher Education Academy and have far more teaching experience than a lot of am usually the first person through the door in the morning and the last to leave in the evening that is what happens when your hours are automatically technical support hours. Students know where we are based and we spend a lot of time talking them through queries. At the end of my teaching I have a queue of students waiting at the door to ask questions. Your lecturers are on strike because they are struggling to survive Read of these sessions are written by with no input from any course academic. They are steeped in psychology and practice. But this is not teaching. I wonder about the elephant in the room. You find surgery being taught to medical students by someone who had never worked as a surgeon. But you do get academics who have never worked a day outside of HE teaching subjects. got a huge amount of respect for many of my academic colleagues who work tirelessly. But I also see the ones that let the side are plenty of new training courses offering diplomas in the same subjects as our degrees. They have partnerships with industry as well. They are busy and even though they charge more than us. Their technical are called is a massive challenge ahead of us regarding the traditional models of courses and accreditation. The sector needs to appropriately and reward the those who make a difference in the classroom. is not a dirty word in industry and it should not be in higher education. Having two disjointed teaching teams is unhelpful and creates another political minefield that students have to navigate. There should be one equal teaching team made up of different academic technical industry practitioners and talented classroom teachers. Students would have one port of leading to better communication and a better overall experience. If we sort this one we will be able to trump any other new training institution. How could they compete with that breadth of recently deceased futurist illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and but those who cannot and It is about time universities do a bit of unlearning and let everyone relearn as a the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education 
A million people at Standing Rock on to support pipeline protesters Read in the early summer when the Sacred Stone Camp was just a handful of tents and the Access machines had not yet come to our side of the I got an email from a woman who said her husband was and that she wanted to bring her daughters to stand with us. I knew little of this but enough that I told her we are a you cannot come I began to look into the standoff at the I became angry. That place is a locus of ancestral heritage of the Burns which the knowingly desecrated. They reportedly dug latrines through recognized cultural sites. As a tribal historic preservation my heart broke when I heard they allegedly rifled through some 4,000 cultural items that had been kept in the museum. Some of the sacred objects they destroyed were hundreds of years did not reclaim that land. It was never theirs. It is the we at Standing Rock gathered in a spirit of prayer and resistance to the destruction of our homeland and culture. We came together with our songs and drums. Weapons are not allowed into our camps. The occupation began with threats and guns. It was violent from the and the people they pretended to represent did not even condone week we saw how justice works in this armed ranchers are treated with compassion and their charges are while indigenous people are physically attacked and charged with trespassing on our own ancestral lands. Standing suggests of pipeline being investigated Read we stand in we have assault rifles aimed at we are attacked by pushed from our sacred sites with pepper shot with rubber bullets and bean bag rounds and beaten with handcuffed and thrown in dog kennels. Our horses have been shot and killed. Our elders have been dragged out of our sacred bundles our sacred eagle staff pulled from our hands. My daughter was stripped naked in jail and left overnight for a traffic violation. An arsonist set the hills across from our camp and for hours County did nothing but prevent tribal authorities from resistance has not been met with the and the water protectors at Standing Rock stand for our convictions on what is claimed to be federal land. But that is where reasonable comparisons end. The land they claimed to take back was cleared of our relatives and the buffalo nation so that white ranchers like the could graze their cattle there. The assert a property right which was only made possible through the genocide of indigenous peoples and the continued occupation of our lands by the same government they claim to fight. Their white supremacist ideology is the foundation of the settler and their ranching would not be possible without it. Their racist fear blinds them to the fact that they are actually supporting their enemy and fighting militia were fighting for their right to make while we are fighting our rights to clean drinking face decades in prison for taping oil pipeline protests Read human can only live a few days without water. How long can one live with a government grazing camp reclaims land stolen by the US government in direct violation of the Fort Treaty of which affirmed it as sovereign territory of the Great in the path of the Access pipeline are grounds and village held sacred not only by the but also the the and the Northern The day after the Standing Rock Tribe filed papers identifying the burial places of our Access intentionally destroyed them to avoid federal regulation. Would you stand by as bulldozers drove through the National Cemetery at our footprint from the world erases us as a people. These sites must be or our world will it is that simple. If we allow an oil company to dig through and destroy our our our hearts and souls as a is that not indigenous we know these attempts to erase us very and one of the ways it works is through environmental racism. Indigenous lands across the country are the sites of nuclear waste toxic mining oil and gas drilling and a long list of other harmful environmental but see very little benefit from these projects. We live in the sacrifice zones. And that is the story here too the Access pipeline was rerouted from north of a mostly white out of concerns for their drinking but then redirected to ours. They consider our community Access pipeline group investigates human rights abuses Read national guard and state police have been reinforced by forces from seven other to push corporate interests through our but together with our we stand up. We are still have always welcomed everyone to come stand with us against the injustices of the federal government. Joining forces would be a source of great power if we stand together to confront racism and destruction of the land. But we will do that with not are the people of this land. We have the roots growing out of our feet. We stand with compassion and prayer. They cannot break showed us the perils of standing up to the fossil fuel industry May Read Access 
the long I have a lifelong Republican who voted for am very disappointed about the but I be despondent. I am by nature an optimistic person. as the evening wore on and it became clear that Trump was going to I started thinking about what is actually going to happen after this. In the there will be dark and things will happen that are not good for our or for the world. sure that the Affordable Care Act for I believe that the Republicans will start to realize that they really get what they wanted. after a Republican. He has made that clear. He just agrees with them on some or claims to. I think the first half of term will go very badly for the voters will become and the midterm elections in 2018 will be disastrous for them. Democrats will probably end up with control of both houses of Congress. get a new supreme court but not worried about whether be too conservative. I would be more worried that they be qualified. In the long I have believe in checks and voted for Voted shortly after polls open on and I voted for Trump No disrespect intended to the third party but a vote for an alternate candidate is in reality a vote either Trump or So I was faced with a vote for an incompetent or a crook. I chose to vote for the incompetent. In the end it the emails that sealed the deal it was the remaining hope that and would modify the impending chaos. The system of checks and balances appears to be in position to better counter Trump than Trump has already lost substantial support among the So he count on either the existing supreme court or Congress to ignore there is the press. What we see is a press overwhelmingly A vote for means we can not count on the press to honestly and diligently keep the public informed of potential malfeasance. Nor at this point can we count on the institutions of government to counter in any meaningful way. So I voted for the candidate likely to lead us into the weeds without establishment underestimated the voted for I think all astounded. Instead of predictable fifth facing nobody quite knows what. I never thought this was a serious possibility until but the establishment apparently made a misjudgment in underestimating the rage after decades of being impoverished to benefit the Since the primary was rigged against the only major this was the next prominent way to give the Democrats a heave. else refreshing to see their awfulness finally backfire on not exactly shocked at but dismayed that so many of my fellow citizens still refused to look outside the duopoly or help the Greens reach federal funding levels. The impetus is understandable this is a rejection of the status quo more than an actual endorsement of racism or but the forces unleashing are volatile and damn scary. As the bigger struggle starts after voting. Positive change only comes from public so arguably a better chance for it now than under a Democratic president. If no actual policy coming from the Oval space for saner voices to shape it. be but at least the citizenry seems ready to seriously push back. The campaign got younger voters surprisingly engaged and proved that candidates have to be owned by corporate money. If enough remember the power lies with we may have a fighting chance after am ashamed of how this plays with the rest of the voted for lost this election because sexism enabled voters to perceive the most qualified candidate in the world as someone more reprehensible bar the most despicable person who has ever sought the presidency. Because the contingent of mostly white overlooked empathy for minority groups due to their own positions of privilege. Because of voter because we watched happen and refused to heed its am ashamed of how this plays with the rest of the world ashamed of my state in particular and dread what consequences it will bring. The fallout of supreme court turnover alone will last long after his term is done. It should go without saying that a president should not threaten the wellbeing of certain citizens as a main selling point in his and my heart goes out to any individual who feels unsafe. I know the cold fear you are experiencing. The only way we can think to proceed is to brace for a prolonged fight ahead of man slated to be president has built his platform on harming the vulnerable and shouting over the voices of the oppressed. If you find this rhetoric if you are then seize any opportunity to defy it do not wait to speak out until they come for you. To your loss is the loss. I am sorry they were too blind to see. waking up to today scares voted for my wildest dreams I never would have thought the public would swing so wildly away from reason as to elect someone like Trump. I grew up in a family. a liberal but my father was conservative. been a single mom working multiple jobs to keep a roof over my head and struggled to make ends meet as long as I can remember. I understand the feeling that represent the but the waking up to today scares me and left with only kind of world will my grandson grow up What will happen to friends and people of color who unlike born here someone once called it my How could it be a good idea to elect a man who treats women so makes promises he has no interest in learning the nuances of and brags about not paying Why does the public react so negatively to a woman taking a role of Where is the critical Decency and respect have gone out the door in this election and just sold our collective soul to the country split in two and at rock New voted for in the morning and sick to my stomach as I type this. The racist won. The misogynist won. The xenophobe won. I guess the moral of the story trust the not even and experts beyond my station will be dissecting this for years to come and there will be questions. How did the Republican party allow that reprobate to hijack Did the media in their quest for ratings become unwitting dupes providing thousands of hours of free and unfiltered missing opportunity after opportunity to fact the blame game to commence. And plenty of blame to go around. As for I blame the Democratic party. I blame I blame The Republican party has become the party of fascists. The Democratic party has become the new Republican party. The faction that Sanders represented was the electrified the energized faction. And with good reason. Single payer raising the minimum climate tuition free state colleges and a variety of other progressive issues resonated with and the working class. unfortunate that version of progressive populism never had a opportunity to go to head to head with regressive at best personified my or at most cynical least not So many voters actually they were . Clearly that so here we are the unthinkable for at least half the country has a Trump presidency. The severity of this situation be understated. A country split in two and at rock bottom. If a if if if if a member of community if white working class and been put on notice. The next four years will be elections 
You might have noticed that all of a are supposed to be appalled by foreign interests getting in the way of us digging up as much coal as we thanks very weekend the newspaper started running stories based on a from the of John the chairman of Democratic nominee for president election email forwarded to showed the philanthropic group the based in was a funder of group the Sunrise Project. The emails were published by emails reveal plan to counter climate denial Read run by the former campaigner John has been involved in supporting some of the court cases brought against proposed coal projects the massive in to an editorial in the should be by this the back of these there have been shouts for more while government ministers have used the coverage as a pivot to call for environment groups to be stripped of their charitable status. The climate change impacts of burning have been summarily discounted or let us count the ways that should not be on the examine some of the bald hypocrisy that has been on display this should start with the way that while the of a US philanthropic concerned about the impacts of climate change counts as apparently the exerted by the mining company despite the way has dined and lobbied the the Minerals Council of and its regional counterpart the Resources Council have also been at the foreign despite both groups having a board with directors from mining companies and taking annual membership fees from Liberal National party MP said he found it that Sunrise was getting funding from a foreign are their I just think something stinks about he told the Daily Mercury in is concerned about foreign funding to support environment groups fighting fossil fuel expansion but is more than happy to have the Heartland Institute pay for his flights and hotel so that he can hang around with climate science deniers in Las the chief executive of the wrote in the episode should prompt a rethink of the oversight of environmental groups that operate as charities and that have recipient Why only Why not take a look at the recipient status of all such as the Institute of Public picking on that particular because it has been producing reports of questionable quality about the potential of this released research claiming legal challenges brought under the Federal Environment Protection and Biodiversity Act had cost to since 2000. Tax breaks for climate science Sure. Tax breaks for fighting the causes of climate No we want to pick reports from to bolster then we could point to the Great Barrier Bleached report suggesting that about in tourism income could be lost every year in if severe bleaching of the Great Barrier Reef continues in the years ahead bleaching clearly linked to the burning of fossil fuels including coal. None of the cheerleaders seem bothered about where the funding comes or how it uses its charitable status. Like the Institute and most other the does not reveal its funders it have but one supporter is reportedly who holds a stake in another proposed basin coal project. Foreign Bad. Potential vested the is using its status to raise cash for a third edition of its climate science denial book Climate The with contributions from and alongside the likes of and breaks for climate science Sure. Tax breaks for fighting the causes of climate No of the fundamental things about climate change and an aspect that makes it such a diabolical bugger is that it does not discriminate. The world passes carbon dioxide threshold. Permanently Read burned the oil or the waste carbon dioxide mixes in the atmosphere and hangs around for a century or impacting people around the globe in all sorts of generally ways. In a global problem. That means that have a legitimate concern if governments want to support the rapid expansion of fossil fuel as they clearly very existence of United Nations conventions on climate to which is a is the most obvious example of this global the coal boosters really do want to turn into some sort of North that cuts itself off from the rest of the or we find ourselves agreeing with the words of Something really does and appalling. change 
How Soon Is the old Smiths could work now as an anthem for which in increasingly raising questions about the same week that the Department for Transport reported a crisis in road owing primarily to deliveries in some parts of a horse and cart would be faster an undercover report revealed that Amazon delivery drivers are forced to deliver up to 200 parcels a working illegal hours and breaking speed supervisor told the undercover reporter that he need to wear a seatbelt as the police stop delivery while fellow drivers advised him to urinate into bottles and defecate into bags to save no surprise that Amazon drivers are classified as and thus not entitled to minimum sickness benefit and other rights and is also one of the companies implicated in the highlighted by the recent where drivers won basic employment of which may feel a bit too much to take in when just returning home to find that your driver has flung your parcel into your front like a paperboy in an while responsibility to sort out how it is conducting its taxes and treatment of staff just perhaps it is also time to acknowledge that our growing culture of unreasonable customer demand is part of the is a fundamental disconnect in the psyche that means that people get rightly exercised about kids slogging in sweatshops in but remain about the disgusting way that workers in are treated and disgusting is the operative that stuff about defecating in bags and urinating in bottles made me feel sick and not just for the obvious reasons. It renders these drivers almost like a form of where the only goal is to keep driving and the other side of the there are consumers demanding service and no exception. Bone idle in the I adore the ease of next and not just with Amazon. Now you can even get things delivered on the same while much to be said for surely it be at the expense of dignity their safety or the safety of others they might encounter on roads while speeding or pissing in bottles to save up to Amazon to sort this consumers could do worse than addressing our own bratty demanding culture of want it face while some deliveries are usually just a bonus. Most of us rarely need to have box or slammed into our hands within hours or even the next that were the we could undertake the retro ritual of going to the which in turn might stop town evolving into almost empty is not letting the likes of Amazon off the hook up to them and companies like them to address the issues raised by the once seems to require hiring more respecting their and paying them the just as people should be concerned about outrages let us also spare a thought for our own almost invisible customer expectation and demand is nothing but when it is automatic and unthinking it plays a part in worker final gesture typified a truly great life Twitter last album could be read as an artistic statement of intent. damned year of 2016 has claimed another significant creative this musician and poet Judging by the heartfelt wails of many consider even at 82 years to have been taken too recently said that he felt that his own death was writing a letter to his dying whom he wrote Bird on a Wire and So that I am so close behind that if you stretch out your I think you can reach also released an so close to his death that it could almost qualify as posthumous. like it could be read as an artistic statement of a final defiant cry that is the last of the real not the slew of greatest hits packages that are bound to it takes musicians of this to refashion the but thriving death a mischievous yet determined refusal by and Bowie to let third parties entirely own the posthumous last my pains are at an end Twitter but finally managed to get my way out. those who are finally managed to escape from the party. I use lightly. At it felt akin to a personal remake of not quite carrying soil out in my scurrying under searchlights or jumping over barbed wire fences on my but it was still bad now know what it feels like to be stalked by a political party. It took me about five minutes to join the party and several months to leave I mean to be allowed to leave to free myself from what appeared to be their desperate frenzied leave us here alone with grasp. As stated stopping the money got to write to the party to but it end end up fielding emails asking you to reconsider and others saying be given time to reconsider whether you like it or Even the termination letter it was still wondering whether like to maybe even if grammatically but still most probably to join the Liberal if they keep making and I can source unfashionable enough the party miss me and my inconsiderate unlikely. let my experience serve as a warning to anyone else thinking of leaving Make sure you take extra vitamins and get proper while parting is such sweet also exhausting. If you have any holiday you may need to use and 
So ruling classes have lost to a billionaire who plays at being a man of the people. Trump ran against the hierarchy of his own without the blessing of commentators or the big without the speeches to Wall Street or the funding from Silicon Valley. Amid all the justifiable dismay expressed forget one was the establishment it was Trump who ran as the perennially election night 2016 as it happened Read remains an almost illicit a preference you express in hushed tones. Look at the placards brandished last night by members of the Just over a month I rang round Trump voters in West and two of the states that went red last night. Among the things that struck me most forcibly was how sheepish they were about admitting publicly they were going to vote for the man. a but one began. think a total but back him. But who else is But had enough. That was the tenor of nearly all the conversations with a few citizens of one of the noisiest democracies on Earth then asking if I could keep their identities let me add another but. Trump is an outsider politician leading an insurgency of outsider the white men who feel homeless in their own country and the and states that got written off by both parties but that produce outsider policies. A good chunk of the Trump base consists of people who consider themselves to be losers from four decades of political and economic orthodoxy. But J Trump be the president who reads the last rites for for the simple reason that the narcissist has no idea what to replace it with. A revolt a revolution. The head prefects in our politics and media see disorder and immediately cry the mainstream view. Among the prefects of political and economic the standard thing to do this morning is to rehearse fury at free to look at the voters that most of them have never bothered talking to and to squawk that has struck out in a new and radically different direction. a The pitchforks finally have their Trump edged towards the one of the first emails I got was from a senior fund manager at the giant Fidelity are heading into a world of unprecedented political risk which calls into question the pillars of the At least as far as the economics that is just overheated it ignores just how protean politics are. This is the man who just a few months ago in an meeting at the New Times told senior journalists that is This is the Republican warrior whose most memorable photo is of him and his new wife laughing along with his guests Bill and This is the who help contradicting himself. Take out the exaggerations and outright lies from the standard Trump riff and you have next to nothing. All this makes him easily containable for the Republicans in the Senate and the House that need to work with . Twitter How the 2016 US election night the head boys and head girls also miss is just how is. Look at the people around him. Among his top economic advisers is from the Heritage a conservative last seen laying down many of the policy planks for Sure the policies are pure slashing red tape and business major tax on a repeal of estate taxes and a hankering for high interest rates and sound sort of will cost trillions up to over the next according to some They will rip a hole through US public finances especially if Trump brings them in alongside his spending spree on infrastructure. But his promise now is the promise that was made by his adviser and the rest of the it will bring in more tax revenue over the long of this will be much help for his voters. But then the property billionaire into sharing out the encouraging trade unions or paying workers more. It so long ago that he claimed wages were before and tweeting that middle classes have had effective raise in years. His latest position is that would like to see an increase the minimum of some magnitude. But rather leave it to the Gee Trump wins US offers congratulations live Read can see the paradox. Much of base was voting against the great of social contract. They were rebelling against and its love for Wall Street over Main its property boom and industrial bust. Yet what about to get is more from a man whose glory years were the years. When that work the new president will retreat further into his rhetoric. If he need script he can borrow some from the new revolt a revolution. The head prefects in our politics and media see disorder and immediately cry insurrection. what they did in after the vote and how mark 20 the date of President inauguration. Just as they called those events so call the aftermath can overdo the but at least agree that and share the same common a large chunk of the public had enough of the failed a technocratic elite that also knows no longer working and a political class unable to grasp any real elections 
About a decade Apple ran a series of adverts featuring the comedians and designed to highlight the difference between Macs and The ads bother explaining what the spec differences or even showing you pictures of the products they were advertising Sugar would have fired the useless lot of on the whole purpose was to point out how much cooler its computers were compared with the was in full Mark as the wearing a brown suit and explaining how family holidays are best represented in form. On the slouched around with his hands in his breezily explaining how effortlessly creative he was as a Mac. It a great advert series. It was smug. It was annoying. And it made you that Apple understand Peep Show. rooted for and cool. Super using his to order on the dark web would have been although the Advertising Standards Authority might have had something to say about But you accepted the were machines suitable only for office drones to run spreadsheets on. Your dad had and it kept freezing whenever he tried to show you the email he had received saying he was due compensation as the victim of a road accident. The Apple on the other was a constant full of music and reason Apple got away with this ad was because it was undoubtedly a very cool company. Throughout the it changed the way we consumed entertainment and shaped the ways in which we interacted with each other. What is it did so in the form of nice white curvy things compared with the boxy made the world seem a better place by you mean a permanent episode of Black Mirror where we would sooner press blocks of plastic than converse with our friends and Apple was so cool it had a with feverish launch events and a leader who singlehandedly pioneered Compared with all what did a crudely animated that was supposed to help you write covering distressing for people who have spent approximately the economic output of on Apple products over the past two is that Apple in 2016 no longer seems very cool. In it now seems a bit of a as and unfriendly as Mark Its products look increasingly or worse plain ugly. Its such as the Touch look like the kind of thing a toddler might come up with at an notice some ... points above the number keys on a nearby It raised its already extortionate prices to cash in on our fault that but And it seems to be on a mission to make everything as incompatible and as possible. Apple is selling a whopping 17 different dongles for all the different bits its devices no longer serve properly. its compatibility is a example of capitalism gone even the new standard Lightning headphones connect to latest line of laptops without an It all points to a grand strategy whereby come 2036 you be able to type at all without special gloves that have to be individually purchased to fit each and then will only allow you to spell out the word Where once Apple had an for things you imagine were now it has a dongle for things that were perfectly possible before you needed a and on top of all it has now got a called who wears a fleece and seem to think all if cachet is who does that leave us Surely not its phones literally blow up in your hands. Step forward ... and Bill he was derided as a billionaire who possibly be as cool as that guy who tucked his shirt into stonewashed dad jeans looking back These is doing some pretty cool stuff. Such as pouring his billions into philanthropic projects fighting malaria in And helping to eradicate poverty. Of ending disease is only technically cool if you can make shiny computers on the but seems to be sorting that side of things out too. At a recent launch it turned its attention to the tempting designers and musicians to cross the bridges and start taking a Surface Pro to their nearest organic coffee store. Is such a shift really It could be. After even seems to have harnessed his valuable retro appeal of starring in with all the nonchalance of a piece of animated stationery who always knew he was about more than page indentation advice. Have the tables Has Mark finally got the whip hand over in your Apple. You were cool once. But now you need to sort out your products and at least try to end measles. Failing how about making something we can plug a stick 
Like all that is excessive about have watched the unfolding reality show otherwise known as the presidential election with a heady mixture of fascination and the hyperbole has shot past with genital email probes and the constant drip of leaks from the campaign has revealed a model of democracy at odds with its own noble antics have made the dysfunction of our own institutions look somewhat bland and without the the sudden demise of two senators or the locking up of children on a Pacific outcrop seem almost like business as or either one is going to face recession and a hollowed out middle class Read was the US this would be a one horse race. personal negative ratings are off the scale while say they would support by a factor of three to you had a vote in the US Presidential would you vote for or a quarter of Coalition voters would vote for the demagogue and of the aligned voters would back him in as but from our side of the the close race is almost as mystifying as the of in this while playing Fantasy US Election may be it is not really the one of strongest what is more interesting about this campaign is what it means to a nation that has looked to the US as the of global power and authority since the second world of who you would vote do you think a or Trump presidency would be better for each of the terms of the majority of us look at the presidency as more aligned with interests from national and regional security to climate combine the and numbers and you get a more nuanced on the issues that are the foundation blocks of our the extremes of the presidential campaign dissolve the bigger story on my reading of this US election from it is a battle for control of a nation that we no longer aspire to is a significant shift for Our inferiority complex in the face of has helped define us for the past 50 years as we have willingly embraced much of their their values and their economic the cold war where a contest of ideas between communism and democracy was being fought to the notions of freedom shone as a counterpoint to the threats of totalitarianism. Now we look to and beyond the sword of international influence we see nothing to which we aspire. How do you think compares to the United States on the look at US and access to jobs and education and the impact of guns on public and the grass seems greener in our own on those hallmarks of the Dream the rights of individuals and the opportunity to succeed in business we believe that offers a better I think this is our own form of because for so long we unashamedly looked to the for is what we observe from the that continues to dominate our media with its images of excess and the lived experience of the global capital that is its most enduring closer we the more we understand that a more equal with a firmer view on the need for gun and in particular greater universal access to is a better model for the in its failure to reinvent an inclusive to break the deadlock of its political to extricate itself from its military or to learn from the Global Financial Crisis we see something even more an empire in decline. Do you think the influence of the United States in the world is becoming stronger or the real truth of this election and indeed the whether you live in or 
Seven has dropped its legal action in the federal court after Nine agreed to stop promoting Today as No 1 breakfast had filed a misleading or deceptive conduct claim against Nine after Nine said its Today show had in the 2016 ratings year to regain the crown as breakfast last minute negotiations between the network lawyers on night led to the case being settled out of are pleased Seven has seen fit to drop the case against the Today Nine said in a statement on morning. congratulate our Today show team on winning the most weeks across the five capital cities for 2016. We know they will power on for the rest of this year and into Seven sues Nine over claim Today won ratings against Sunrise Read told Guardian that Nine agreed to drop all social media and promotions that claimed Today was No 1 breakfast the No 1 breakfast show in the country and most watched breakfast that agreement stop Today 7 drops its court case now concedes Today Show has won the official breakfast show ratings for She then clarified her saying Today cannot be with so many having their knickers in a let's TODAY can't be beaten in 2016 weeks won across 5 cap cities. Nine news executive Mark reassured the Today crew that they were still No produce the greatest breakfast show on he said in an internal email on night. all seen the reports about our rivals disputing our position. they will spend and take up court arguing that we are number are doing this because you have them rattled. behaving like the kid who gets beaten in a on the oval ... so he takes his ball home. only accepting the result if he wins. bad losers. forgotten that breakfast television is continue to because as a wise man once have parties. Losers hire agrees to settle court case and concedes is number one breakfast 2016 The argument was over who had bragging rights to be the No 1 show after Nine claimed it had won the year because it won 21 of the 35 weeks of official ratings in the metropolitan Seven said Sunrise was still No 1 breakfast show because it had the highest ratings across city and regional Nine had used ratings from only the five mainland news director pleased Nine has now admitted Sunrise is No 1 and breakfast show. The truth was always going to prevail over premature 
I tried to buy a senior open return ticket from Bath Spa to using the Great Western Rail website. The fare was advertised at but a further was automatically added at checkout for special delivery mailing without the usual option of collecting the ticket from the station. Customer services initially told me there was a fault on the and then that ticket machines and ticket office computers at stations did not the codes for these tickets so they had to be posted. In the end I went to the station and bought the same ticket for the same price. Going today I find more than two weeks the issue is still there and there is still no warning advising customers of it. explains that the ticket you were trying to buy was a discounted offer available until and says that the web page promoting the deal makes clear that if you book more than five days before the date of tickets are posted for free by second class whereas if you are imminently the system defaults to the special delivery. you can buy them on the day from the station you cannot collect tickets from there if they are part of the discounted it would be helpful if these facts were repeated on the payment page. says being able to make subsequent offers available for collection through vending machines or as the anyone tempted by the offer of off had better make sure they book a week in advance or get to the station good and early on the day to buy their you need help email at or write to Your The Kings 90 Include an address and phone number. problems with 
has reportedly blamed two letters to Congress by director for her defeat by Trump in the US presidential leader attacks campaign for taking vote for granted Read was first to report that made the comments on in a call with donors who gave more than to her campaign. presidential run ended with a narrow victory in the popular vote but defeat by 290 votes to with and New yet to declare in the electoral college that decides the presidency. An individual who was on the Politico claimed said the first letter prompted a fall in polling but there was a rebound before the second letter New Times quoted a donor as saying are lots of reasons why an election like this is not successful our analysis is that letter raising doubts that were proven to stopped our which were similar to reported remarks by other campaign contrasted with anger from president and chief executive of the US Chamber of Commerce He told the Guardian on it was neglect of voters that handed the presidency to made headlines on 28 with his first 11 days before the vote. In the he told members of Congress that new emails had been discovered that could be relevant to a completed investigation into use of a private email server while secretary of original investigation had ended in with no charge against who said had been in her but not to the extent of criminal or intentional new emails were it was on a device belonging to the estranged husband of aide during an investigation into for for allegedly exchanging lewd messages with a responded with bafflement at break with policy and decades of and furious senior Democrats suggested the director may have violated the Hatch a federal statute that bars political activity by senior second letter was sent last two days before the election. In he said a review of the newly discovered emails had been and that it found no evidence to merit reopening the investigation of including responded alleging that the review could not have been completed correctly in so short a time. Reports said 650,000 emails were in although that number was not officially confirmed. Twitter Why elected reported remarks mirrored previously reported by in an email from head of opinion believe that we lost this election in the last the magazine reported as writing on letter in the last 11 days of the election both helped depress our turnout and also drove away some of our critical support among white voters particularly in the suburbs. also think which was intended to absolve actually helped to bolster and progressives urge Democratic party to stand up and fight Read did not speak on election instead delivering a concession speech at a hotel in New on In excerpts from an interview to be broadcast by on Trump discussed the call he took from his Democratic opponent in the small hours of that called and it was a lovely he have been nicer. She just well And I want to thank you very you were a great source said seemed but on the donors as she discussed the importance to Democrats of political engagement in the future. In a speech to the on the senator Warren attributed defeat to a failed economic final results may have divided us but the entire electorate embraced fundamental reform of our economic system and our political head of an which represents blamed failure on a lack of engagement with voters. He told the thought this election cycle would be different. was advised once again by Beltway advisers who knew it had the models and the but who called it Twitter concession know elections 
any football grounds named after people even less recently alive than II tweeted who points out that the stadium in the capital is named after a monarch who lived from 382 until his assassination 46 years later in 336 seems to be the answer if the is anything to go but a couple of readers have presented some fascinating answers that are worthy of inclusion nonetheless. Over to you found two pretty shaky also temporally but sending them in writes to the Stadium name Gymnastic Club in is named after a gymnastics which in turn took its name from philosopher of Now I know the question asked specifically for grounds named after people and this here is a ground named after a gymnastics club named after a but it really matter anyway since was born two years after our II died. My other one is Stadium in named after the city founded by the Great It may be shared by Union and but not certain. II was dad. Small with the shirt numbers to match their names The Knowledge Read van was another who technically failed to answer the question but came mighty close. former Dutch professional football club is named after the Great emails Bas. great Dutch players like and van played there. played at different most relevant for this from 1932-1940 at which had a capacity of shots in Shoot pretty sure Shoot magazine ran a weekly feature in the visiting different league clubs to measure the player with the hardest shot and longest recalls John may have also done the throw as well. I think I vaguely remember winning the longest throw but who were the other also recall the Shoot Magazine hardest shot competition so much the longest throw writes while still at clocked his strike at around proving to Shoot readers of the day that his shot had the most sting. add that I have been waiting years to use that so thank you Shoot was not alone in measuring the venom of various shots. Evening Standard went round all the clubs during training in the early with a device that measured the speed of shots and published a daily feature on each listing those with the most powerful writes main thing I remember is that the team goalkeeper was often but still almost a decade the Knowledge discovered while there is no official record of the hardest shot in striker once blasted a screamer against the against Arsenal during a 4-1 defeat on 16 1996. His shot from 14.8 yards was clocked by the Sky Sports Replay 2000 tracking machine and you can read more about his and other here. Scoring far and was researching the history of the man bun and noticed that first four international goals were scored in four different countries and writes who fails to reveal why on earth he was researching the history of the man bun. no doubt this run can be emphatically beaten but the may not be a but Graham has gone one better than Take it restricted my search to beanpole strikers and when Peter Crouch proved to be disappointingly patriotic with his goalscoring my next port of call was he writes. first five goals were scored in five different countries on three different continents no less. The goals in question were scored in and . So well done I in Freeman has come up with a player who scored his first eight international goals in eight different United and are as writes in Republic Republic of and Beat that if you can. Twitter scores for against at the 2012 final in with shirt numbers to match their names were inundated with responses for last which you can enjoy by clicking on this and have had a couple more since came across Lucky playing for New Cosmos in the but he is on the roster not laments Cooper. Nick whose attire may or may not boast a postcode instead of a has come up with a good in was an goalkeeper called who played for and among he writes. often wore of Truth be we thought Nick might be pulling our but exhaustive research scan of followed by some judicious revealed when the specifically wore the throughout his because of its in at to his surname. And then dug out the Lee mailed in to note that midfielder wears the shirt for the side. His last name in his native means or in terms of but phonetically is pronounced the same way as the number As intriguing as it would have I recall him regularly wearing the although he has sometimes been deployed as a lone striker up front on occasion. The surname which is pronounced in is extremely common and is the phonetic equivalent of the number So lots of examples can probably be found in the Lee and Lee both of whom wear the Another notable example that some readers might be familiar with is the recently retired international Lee who played for attendances also looked at such as the 33,333 at Spurs v in 1969 and the 111,111 at v in 1983. But one more notable offering worthy of mention Constable pointed us towards Chesterfield v on 27 March when 4,444 fans turned up at to see a 4-4 remember reading that when the Premier League there were only nine foreigners counting Welsh or playing. Is this And if who were asked back in footballers have their nationality in their The Knowledge Read actual number of foreign and players in their starting when the Premier League began in 1992-93 was 10 with two more coming on as substitutes. As pointed 10 starters were John Anders Peter and came on as a substitute that as did added the foreign legion on the opening weekend of the Premiership comprised of two two two a a a played internationally for a an and a you 3-0 win over where all three goals were writes was wondering if anyone knows what is the highest scoring match where all goals scored were got Bull off West tweets Savage. got a stand named after him. Any more standees who played for arch being champions of only three years ago to perennial losers and wooden last the Central Coast Mariners have had a dramatic descent in mails of the records they dubiously hold is for the most consecutive league games without a clean with stretching back to the 2014-15 and the most recent against the Wellington Phoenix this season. My question has any other team gone on a more calamitous run in is the highest number of penalties scored by a player in a single domestic asks United in Northern top have defensive midfielder Tony of and who has scored nine penalties in his 18 games so far this season. What is the record to whopping 18 of the 23 players recently called up to the national squad play for a club competing in the Champions League this writes this a I understand the rules of the if any player takes a set they cannot then touch the ball until another player writes if a penalty taker hits the post or bar and follows up on the rebound before anyone an indirect would be given to the defending team. Despite this being a plausible I ever remember it happening. Has it ever Is there any grainy video footage of it including angry baffled players advising the referee on where his whistle should be your questions and answers to or 
A petition calling for fossil fuel lobbyists to be excluded from the climate change negotiations has been forced into the hands of the US delegation in where almost 200 nations are meeting to work out ways to implement the 2015 agreement to limit greenhouse gas US delegation initially said it could not formally receive the petition signed by more than 500,000 people but later contacted Corporate Accountability agreeing to receive it on development followed a side event on at the meeting in headed by the where parties to the agreement and met to discuss why a conflict of interests policy was needed and what it might look climate change action despite Trump Read spearheaded by Corporate Accountability calls for the Framework Convention on Climate Change to create a policy that would screen participants of meetings for conflicts of was written in support of moves by and other developing nations representing the majority of the who tried to initiate a conflict of interests policy in argued that groups representing fossil fuel whose net worth can be larger than the of developing and who have funded climate change should not be allowed in policy negotiations without being screened for conflicts of move was blocked by delegations representing rich nations including the the and which argued that the negotiations should be and that there was no clear definition of a of stand with the governments calling for an end to big polluter conflicts of interest at the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate the petition reads. order for the to create strong climate policy that protects people and the planet from climate we need to remove big polluters from the policymaking a the lead negotiator for the delegation much is at stake to continue allowing the biggest polluters and their agents to undermine this said the responsibility of saving the planet could not be left up to industries and their corporate powers that got us from Corporate Accountability International said he and a group of activists from around the world took the US delegation by surprise in walked into the US delegation walked right across the threshold and started talking to the first person we ran into about what we were there to group was then taken to a meeting with press who took the petition but told the group they could not officially receive it. A press adviser later emailed saying she would be able to accept it at on local said the group would take the opportunity to discuss the issue with the US said the the business models of fossil fuel companies was premised on the exact activity that is causing climate change. can have Shell and talking about being part of the solution but money he said. not what their intention climate talks an emotional ride as reports show need to end coal power Read said the issue was particularly important after the election of Trump in the hard to believe that the US delegation is excited to carry out the future Trump assault on climate he said. the best thing they can do for the planet is to stop blocking the policies that will help ensure that and the fossil fuel industry tied himself have as little influence on the as the Like Minded Group of Developing Countries a collection of more than 20 countries representing most of the population pushed for a report to be prepared examining how United Nations system and other intergovernmental forums identify and the risk of conflicts of call was blocked by rich countries but several developing nations rose to speak passionately about the including and handing the petition to the US Corporate Accountability International is planning a protest action on the issue later this climate change conference 
and have stalled but how do I compete for jobs with younger am in my and have worked all my life in several sectors. But come to a standstill in my career where working for the as a receptionist wannabe as everyone calls us. of is not but why bother to it will make no difference. I want a but feel like an old person in a world. How do I prove that I can be the right person for the job with my expansive work history over all these receptionists form a human buffer zone between two groups of distracted people the doing their best to diagnose and treat multiple patients every usually in and trying and often failing to keep to an impossible and their often anxious with health concerns that make them more than normally I can sense from your letter that the daily experience of being held responsible for circumstances wholly outside of your control has taken its is all too but you must try very hard not to let your sense of grievance show. One of the most unattractive characteristics you can reveal in an interview is bordering on bitterness and cynicism. No one wants to import such an attitude into their workplace and it will count heavily against not a prejudice against older as that works against in stark contrast with the optimism of the the way they can exude a sense of cynicism and want a but the chances are that your best bet of finding something satisfying to do will have some even if with some part of your previous work Think systematically of all the jobs and all the different situations and pick a couple like to return to. And just as list not what want from such positions but what you with all your experience could contribute to them. what any application you make must positively real understanding of the specific task and with an emphasis on what you believe you could bring to that you would be the right person for a nobody can. But you entirely present yourself as a very attractive prospect. Readers say If being an administrator has been your primary experience over the past 20 years then there are a great many senior administrator positions that you could apply highlighting your extensive experience including customer facing work and the associated managing of unexpected events under pressure etc. But you sound so take some time to work on your mind set. Consider a larger as you will have access to internal secondment opportunities and staff development. Be proactive about your skills gaps and focus on redirecting your career with determination and positivity. I am and my closest colleague at on the same management level as I is 25 and has many skills I have and that I have some skills he yet have either. We learn from each other. say treat your colleagues with do the job to the best of your and show rather than tell those around you your abilities. If you have talent and are assertive you should be able to but belittle those who are different from you. Wait until you reach your want to help people and work in but am always told that too have worked in the relentless business of employment advice so long that I have become disillusioned about what transferable skills I have. dealt with customers who have been unemployed for and helped those with severe disabilities or that are suicidal and in need of mental health first thought that I could go into but after about six interviews I got told by every company that I am either hungry or am for current job is not giving me the hours I would like and I am looking over my shoulder every day waiting for the boss to this is your last they pulled the have all the experience in the world but not one qualification to my name. I have been promised qualifications left right and but when I have asked about them the answer is usually something about them trying to get the else do I what else can I I love helping people but recruitment thinks not evil bit like the reader you show signs of allowing your disillusionment to your entire approach to finding agreeable work. completely understandable but if it becomes apparent in your manner it can only harm your doubt if your lack of qualifications is holding you back. In recruiters often cite an absence of qualifications as an objective reason for rejecting an when in truth the reason was more subjective. Where the right job is your extensive experience should more than compensate for the absence of more formal would strongly encourage you not to abandon recruitment as a prime goal. The fact been called for interview six times is encouraging. Not all companies share the same attitude to recruitment and staff management that so far have long experience of working with the the severely disabled and those with mental health problems. And still you love helping people. Please hang on to that central truth. Whatever you even think of pretending to be or you convince anyone and feel a optimistic and employing some of the tips suggested to the reader you have every chance of finding what looking say It sounds like been applying to recruitment agencies where the role is essentially a sales role. One option is to look at recruiters where the roles are much more about assessment and which sound like they would use your skills much could also look at applying for recruitment HR roles often these come with the ability to do day release to gain a professional qualification with the You work at the pointy end of human which few people can do. This makes you a relatively rare commodity. Would it help to approach yourself as if you were one of your own and make the case for yourself that you would for you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply 
it for this and the campaign. Our New team is up early for a polling day US election voters head to polls as Trump and aim to make history live Read more has a chance of winning the according to a email from the respected pollster Silver. up from a chance on so has had a good run in the polls in the final days of the campaign. projected margin of victory in the popular vote has increased to from a lot of you North and flipped from red to blue over the course of We think a particularly meaningful because the forecasts are probabilistic chances of winning increased to from for which is nontrivial but not an especially large change. we know something a lot of readers follow. unlikely that any further states will flip to in our final as too far behind in the state. possible that and North could flip to Trump by tomorrow though probably not where lead is a bit larger. Who is to blame for not stopping Trump Few suspects spared a mention in hall of shame. They include the other Republican presidential candidates such as and who themselves to be by a reality host and serially bankrupted But also trio of and Newt Those three horsemen of the Republican apocalypse conspired in the lie that a salesman was fit to be president and destroyed what remained of their reputations in the process. Plus running mate Mike defender of family values who has served as the running mate of a serially grabber of also rounds on the on a epic of the media. And there are cameos for and And finally a dig at the US Some blame surely attaches to the who let Trump keep up the bullying and the bigotry and voted for him anyway. There is no escaping the fact that north of of the US electorate have been prepared to vote for Trump despite everything that he has said and done. One poll found of own supporters believed he would start a nuclear war. They thought but were prepared to vote for him anyway. None of them will be able to is to blame for this awful US Read more video of final campaign rally. Lady Gaga and were on hand to sing Living on a Prayer before introducing the Democratic candidate. Lady Gaga and back at final campaign rally Unlike the Trump and his team chose not to pose for pictures as his plane returned from his final notes Trump's plane has landed at a different airport than the traveling press. to a packed crowd in a community college gymnasium in Trump outlined his closing message that election will decide whether we are ruled by a corrupt political class or by the polls set to open after and Trump make final pitches Read more reports on biggest closing rally in and and all. visits city of Founding Fathers for final rally as goes to polls Read more emerges from the plane with Bill at her side. Wearing bright red she waves at her supporters with both hands. She also claps and looks very chipper. blares as steps off the plane 2016 campaign plane has just returned home to County Airport in New after her final rally in North has live footage of members of her campaign team staggering off the plane. It also showed Bill milling about in the plane at the top of the steps. scene in White Plains as lands after her final campaign flight. supporters chant 2016 Election day has been and gone for three small towns in New which thanks to the quirks of the electoral system count their votes as soon as the clock strikes midnight. If anyone still uses striking clocks any turnouts huge but then nor are the 4 2 1 1 Sanders 1 If wondering how the stock markets are reacting to election has you covered over on the business live markets nervously await election results business live Read more Where are the polls as the US tips into election day there on the west coast too gives a chance of latest forecast gives a chance to win the state of the nation study puts on a likelihood of the New Times sees on and Trump on Clear Politics national average that including fringe candidates and Stein also puts but by only 2.2 percentage poll of polls gives her a slightly more comfortable cushion of v read on the polls and what they telling is leading the polls the day before Not a clear or Read more
This photograph was taken when I was about seven years old. I did a bit of for a few years back then. My parents were fairly we were two adults and five children living on a sailing barge in My father sold office equipment and my mum us. They had some friends who were photographers and they suggested we could make some extra money by Some of my siblings tried but I was the most advert for Oats was shot in a studio in west There actually porridge in the bowl. The photos took so long to get right and they needed to keep the steam so they used some kind of cigarette. It has become family legend that it was a I remember my mother saying that there was a wacky smell and that the photographer was quite but she disputes that now. I definitely have a look that I have in other pictures of me as a have no idea what look the advertisers were going for. I was too young to know about the real cold war. quite a serious with the spoon clutched in my and very in its styling. They definitely want the look. They do much to that was how I had my hair at the time very thick and wavy. thin and white although it is still was paid by the or so it always helped if it took a long which this did. be sitting under hot lights while they tried to get everything I must have been baking in that polo neck. The money all added up to a useful we bought a couple of ponies that we had on the and still got a wooden kitchen table from army was guarding the the 1948 evacuation of Read was also in some but we have a television so I never saw myself. My grandmother was very proud. But it was more boring than glamorous. It basically involved an awful lot of sitting around and doing repeatedly like taking one bite out of 50 biscuits. Then there was all the driving to and from which took hours. Around the age of nine or 10 my patience ran out I went on strike and refused to do it any more. my back I was set on going to sea. more or less ended up because now a doctor of at University College and often go on research time back in the my mother dug out all the old magazines with the I think this one was in a newspaper supplement. I photocopied it and have had it up ever since. on the dining room wall at the moment. Even without me in I think a great image. It used to confuse my son when he was around the same because he thought it was a picture of I was never a big oat eater. I particularly like the and I still I much preferred Are you in a notable Email me in the 
This is the news when a great writer dies. On just after Penguin on the sad passing of at 88 years old. Thirty minutes later email and phone requests are sent out by and media for tributes and comment. At the Times publishes an impressive roll call of writers who pay real and heartfelt homage to someone whose work has clearly meant so much. There is no hesitation. Everyone is at their desk. Each author highlights an aspect of work that mirrors their own hopes and and a picture emerges of a writer in the faceted transparency of his allows us to see an entire tradition. An hour the lurking for some months or perhaps are published alongside critical appraisal and appreciations across the speaking world. The news is four hours the day is not yet over. It is difficult to think of the poor mortal self and the fact that he is gone through the many tributes now calling his work to words that writers use about are full of yearning. He is described as a master craftsman. There is a regretful sense despite his great he was not placed at the of the literary consciousness. Like many great writers he was an and as such was for the most from the struggle with language that besets and enlivens many of our best writers on the is a wretched country when it comes to knowing where people are how they are or what their name means and what it meant 200 years ago. These this knowledge is mostly but it still we are sectarians and snobs on a minute constantly sifting and sorting people into one or other historical identity and the whole business can be tedious if you are on the receiving end of am a said of himself as if a who sported a tweed fishing hat could ever be a Catholic he just father worked in the as did his before marriage. In those bank workers moved around from town to always at an angle to the local whose business they knew to the last pound note. The were doubly estranged for not just but the wrong kind of because they did not belong to the old establishment of landed is a writer to do with such a series of social double left by his own he could not find a job and he lived in England for most of his adult life. really feel those divisions any more than really I in literary the division between and England. I feel that writers of fiction do belong in a no land some place and I certainly feel I in that no completely at home in the language. He had no need of the push in his sentences is towards the apposite phrase and he repeatedly gives the reader the satisfaction of finding it. His approach is described as as though writing at its an exercise in modesty a service to the character and to the story which in some essential without him. was interested in as though this is something over in his he had no control. This allowed him to own the work and disown both at the same and shifts the focus to the formal beauty of the narrative shapes he made. It would be nice to get time to mourn the man before the public business of remembering the great writer ask novelists what their novel is a question that is seldom asked of the short story who is obliged to about the joys and limitations of the form. saw himself primarily as a writer of short stories and his work fits neatly into this despite the fact that his pages are dense with social content. His observations of suburban life as well as those of small town are so acute as to verge on the satirical. He had the eye of an outsider for the smallest and irony did not escape characters live small and they often get smaller. Who can forget at the end of Ballroom of she will settle for Bowser because when her father she will be alone in the In is obliged to sleep with a woman whose daughter he may have hit with his car. Although he is not at fault he has only himself to suffering as he does from all the guilt and none of the consolations of his religion. in in she does not know which of two men may be her and she manages to find a balance between belief and love and loss. brings these to a point of ambiguity or impossibility. When returns to a weeping statue of the Virgin that he had previously and asked for There is a kind of redemption in in the of our human frailty. The characters are also redeemed by tender and forensic gaze. His compassion releases a sigh of happiness in the reader that might as well be one of obituary Read he was presented with a achievement award in in who had a mischievous agreed with me that these things take an enormous amount of the you use any of You cannot write about award ceremonies. They take you away from the desk for many precious hours and give you nothing to work when you sit back down to it. For a writer like this felt like going home empty you needed to get permission to publish one of his as I once you wrote him a letter. You sent this letter to his home address in a week or so you would receive a handwritten reply. And so it happened. I opened a small envelope and there it permission graciously granted. And there was something slightly magical about this as though the postal system had only recently been would be easy to get nostalgic for this kind of life and its perfect pace. It would be nice to get time to mourn the man before the public business of remembering the great writer begins. These the public business starts within minutes of the news of his passing. But when the call went out to writers last one thing had not they were all at their the place where knew he is laureate for 
The is struggling to explain the sudden of a Twitter account which came back to life 10 days before the election and began linking to documents related to the J is atmosphere spurred sources say Read bureau refused to confirm or deny reports that its own office of professional responsibility is investigating the Records Vault J. This initial release consists of material from the files related to the Will... reactivation comes when the agency is already under intense following hot on the heels of director unprecedented letter to Congress announcing the possible discovery of new emails. claimed to have discovered new material on a computer shared by aide and her estranged the disgraced former congressman on multiple sources told the Guardian that the was so that one described it as raising further questions about the motivations in reactivating the a spokesperson for the tweeted that the timing of the reactivation was be posting docs on housing discrimination in a litigation this is odd. Will be posting docs on Trump's housing discrimination in why the bureau had decided to start tweeting at that a spokesperson for the The Records Management Division receives thousands of requests annually which are processed on a first first out basis. By materials that have been requested three or more times are posted electronically to the public reading room shortly after they are processed. Per the standard procedure for these materials became available for release and were posted automatically and electronically to the public reading room in accordance with the law and established by its omission from the which was sent to multiple news is any mention of why the account chose to be reactivated just a few days before a highly contentious to the the feed was programmed to automatically update with the results of requests under the Freedom of Information and that it had been dormant because of a for more another bureau spokesperson was unable to clarify why the glitch was fixed at that or why documents targeting the were among the first to the spokesperson said system is automatic and claimed there was and that the system allow for human interaction or human perspectives as to the explosiveness of the information it just goes when it when pressed the spokesperson admitted that the system was in entirely automated. not saying that there are definitely human crafted Twitter items that come out of he to say definitively whether a human being looked over the tweets before they were sent or the spokesperson said that he would ask a colleague to contact the Guardian with more elections 
The political pressure on director intensified on night as four powerful Democratic senators demanded immediate answers about the announcement it is examining new material as part of its investigation about email director faces fury for cryptic letter about email inquiry Read of of Carper of and of wrote to and the attorney to insist on a thorough briefing by about decision to tell congressional officials about new material from an a decision that shook the campaigns with only 10 days to later than 31 the senators request you provide us with more detailed information about the investigative steps being the number of emails and what is being done to determine how many of the emails are duplicative of those already reviewed by the day after released a vague letter informing officials that new material from an had prompted the to revisit the email he was directly by the surrogates and others for inserting the bureau into the election. The campaign called for to provide to clarify if new information discovered in the separate investigation of disgraced congressman was pertinent to the Democratic presidential justice distanced itself from Lynch and deputy Sally had recommended that not tell Congress about the new out of deference to longstanding policy against real or perceived interference in politics in the days before a vote. Legal observers were perplexed by letter to particularly after he subsequently told employees know the significance of this newly discovered collection of apparently from a device jointly used by and his estranged aide and his allies have argued the director found himself in an impossible recommending in against indicting for being with classified information contained on the server she used while secretary of testified to dissatisfied congressional Republicans that revisiting the decision would be unlikely. he feared the political fallout of staying silent about making a reversal by reopening the matter before the opted to send his Republican presidential nominee who has pledged to jail if claimed vindication. Twitter Trump gleefully responds to new probe into Democratic response also underscores the precariousness of own position. Should the Democrats win a majority of Senate seats next is likely to chair the intelligence the judiciary committee and Carper the homeland security and government affairs committee. frequently testifies before all stands guilty of an overtly political act at a crucial moment Read is likely to chair the foreign relations committee. Should the Republicans maintain all will be senior ranking members of panels on which the relies for political and budgetary support. The four senators called letter both in its vagueness and for with the longstanding tradition of Department of Justice and of exercising extreme caution in the days leading to up an so as not to unfairly influence the called into question whether the had obtained or material from the implying that had prioritized his political position ahead of the facts of the case. Challenging to begin the fateful final full week of the election campaign with additional the senators wrote that to do otherwise would be and a disservice to the elections 
Like any big music is used to people reaching out to shake his hand from the front rows of his stadium shows. But he forgotten the woman in New Jersey last summer who clasped her hands in drew him but never looked at him once. was looking at her he remembers. was so lost in the noise of it she missed the human connection. It was risk of success is the cheapening of the and sometimes the messenger. Which is why on Cosmic his 17th moves another step closer to transforming his role as one of mainstream most enduring stars to an artist newly invested in both challenging himself and pushing his audience his fans are known as the No Shoes Nation even if they are fine with the way things are. is 48 and while the world has certainly changed since when he released She Thinks My changed along with it. more to my life than he says. love that part of my but it is more important now to talk about other things. where I am at right Twitter Cosmic Hallelujah is the album destined to grow his although with 28 No 1 records on the country he exactly them. But fans would find much to admire here through songs like and a bittersweet story told with traditional country elements and featuring his finest singing in years. And while songs like Bucket and Bar at the End of the World are guaranteed gravy for his blockbuster live Hallelujah also makes space for more thoughtful material that reflect both the anxiety of the times and the determination to move through centerpiece is the first which blasts through the digital overload of daily life. The lyrics appeared like a flood with songwriters and crafted a dramatic treatise on the possibility we are becoming numb to intimacy. Unlike other songs that tackle the same Noise is less ripped from the headlines and more from his own personal diary. felt it was affecting my creativity and my personal he says of the onslaught of connectivity. felt I was love instead of telling people I loved Twitter Unplugging now translates to leaving the cellphone off the table during dinners. But has the unique perspective of seeing just how immersed people have become in removing themselves from the present moment when he looks out from the stage of a football stadium and sees 50,000 people staring back at him through their very any entertainer will tell you they hate he says. for me I want to look at everybody straight in the eye and make them feel something and really hard to do that if not looking at you but looking at their phone. missing the connection and taking fragments home with them. like looking at a bookshelf of books but you read any of you just read a little bit of Twitter sea and on the beach. arrived in not long after he graduated from East State University in 1990. He immediately logged years in the downtown while signing a publishing which led to his first In My Wildest in 1994. Back then he was a newcomer who had a voice comparable to Strait and by the next decade he handily filled the shoes of Brooks because of an abundance of hits and a natural ability to translate them to audiences. As a new generation country artist who was also raised on classic populist touch continued to grow through albums that reliably combined upbeat sentiments from the it was with The Big his album from that things turned a corner. Unusually with a new album out almost every took a full year to concentrate on the record that eventually covered a range of emotional ground. It also helped that he pledged not a single song would mention a truck. Twitter Hallelujah continues that thread with songs for were collected because they focus on the and of life in the present. Setting the World On a duet with reflects that maturity with its small moments near the explode into Small Town Somewhere brings listeners to images reminiscent of where he remembers standing in the yard behind his house and looking at the sky dreaming if there was anything beyond the county line. located about 20 minutes outside is slightly different today than he remembers. Now the distance between the small town and big city is pocketed by suburban sprawl. He can go home again his grandmother and mother still live in the area but when he does he is reminded of those early years. How I quit my addiction and really started living Read song is very much the truth. I only had certain things and and that was says. was a wondering song says he never would have recorded five years ago is Rich and which he admits is not just about the monetary riches enjoyed but the ambition that makes climbing the endless ladder an exercise in addiction. The song is structured as an anthem that could easily pull an audience to it in the a nihilistic agreement that is never too young until too all lost on the yellow brick he sings. dream never wakes problem may be uniquely but he says it is also directly personal. can you be happy and still be hungry and work I struggle with he says. Twitter Hallelujah is by with Buddy a country music veteran who has been at the helm of the majority of his catalog. Their working relationship is unusual in that it has lasted so long and is also has written songs for Strait and and his production credits run from to Nelson to Haggard. says he remains indebted to Cannon because he was the first to teach him about the qualities that separate good songs from bad. one of the guys in town who knows so much about the history of songwriting he says. and arrived in hands from Cannon through an email that simply did and recognized the lonesome core of the song that he says might have made some of his peers nervous. was the kind of song that inspired me to move to town in the first he said. it was anybody else producing my I doubt they would have found that song and sent record joins recent efforts by and others in pushing mainstream country closer to regaining ground it has lost due to the prevalence of party anthems that himself admits he played a role in elevating. Whether a full renaissance is yet to be but says he already has a song cycle in his hand that he wants to record as an acoustic album. been doing it this there is the pressure of how do you keep But I have to do it. already looking he says. just part of how always done things. Because I help 
Members of the site that allows users to host or stay in other homes when on were informed this weekend by email of a new From today when they log on they must accept an agreement that commit to treat everyone regardless of national gender sexual orientation or age with and without judgment or Users who agree must stop hosting or with the faces worldwide opposition. It plans a movement to rise up in its Read company explains to its users located in 34,000 cities around the principles of inclusion and respect are important to us and to our and we require that all our users abide by this Like or you can sling your seems to be saying. So is this a spontaneous gesture of loving kindness on the Not days of civil rights laws and Like to Teach the World to Sing topping the charts may have long gone. But has discovered that prejudice is very much alive and kicking in the digital age. The company into action earlier this year following a series of discrimination claims that left serious dents in its brand image. The reliance on the exchange of names and photographs during the booking process were considered major causes of the the was created after user found herself continuously declined as a guest when she tried to rent properties. She says it was only when she shortened her first name to and swapped her profile picture with a generic cityscape image that the rejections race discrimination stories from community members such as whose post about how his accommodation requests were went viral. And instances of discrimination against users emerged including producer who said she was denied a stay because the host had a teenage son and was roundly accused by victims of failing to act on but in this year it admitted it had a its the company enlisted the help of former US attorney general Holder and Laura of the Civil Liberties Union in a bid to shake up its policies. It also promised to increase the diversity of its workforce and bring in highly unlikely that discrimination by all users will come to an abrupt halt as a result of users accepting the new terms. And approach appears to stop short of banning the use of profile pictures and as suggested by some affected users. But as a minority helpful to get an indication of which companies offer a welcoming at least in never experienced on the few occasions stayed in accommodation had my fair share of travel experiences. My most vivid memory is of a stay at a bed and breakfast in when I was greeted in the as I munched on cold scrambled by the owner inquiring about my cultural heritage. When I answered that I had an mother and she proceeded to lecture me on the evils of relationships before setting down my toast with the people should stick to their I be returning to that particular establishment any time or recommend it to my is it and what is it doing to a city like Read too long been assumed that policy should stay in its marginal place as something that no one much cares about. But research shows that discrimination is a hefty risk for black and in particular. A recent study of 6,400 listings in five US cities found that users with distinctively black names like and were more likely to be refused accommodation compared with users with distinctively names like and would rather burn a hole in their own pocket and forgo an average charge per night of around by rejecting black the researchers found. Last month a study from Virgin Holidays revealed more than one in three had experienced discrimination when with saying they have experienced the threat of violence as a result of their tribulations of provide a warning that discrimination only a matter of seriousness to the victims involved. Rival companies have been launched recently as a means of offering safe accommodation like and aimed at black users and and aimed at users. When mainstream companies serve particular groups of consumers well new enterprises very quickly muscle in on their territory. And those who ignore matters of prejudice or downright bigotry do so at their we simply waste our money on them if they seen to be taking 
Football pundits seem to revel in pointless stats these days. How far does each player how many or elbows to the back of the heat etc. But surely they have 22 researchers with slide rules and tally charts to collect all the So how is it secondary question might why is it Post your answers and new questions below or email them to Please include address and phone and 
Mining group has suspended a senior executive and alerted US and authorities after uncovering of payments to a consultant who worked on its iron ore project in west company said it had launched an investigation after discovering in late August emails from 2011 relating to payments made to a consultant providing advisory services on the project in the head of energy and minerals who was responsible for the project in has been suspended immediate Another senior legal and regulatory affairs executive who was due to leave next has stepped down. The which has its headquarters in the and is listed on the and New stock has notified authorities in both countries and is in the process of alerting officials. intends to cooperate fully with any subsequent inquiries from all of the relevant it said the impact on the business should be limited. Shares in rose more than to Capital Markets analyst the scale of it would appear unlikely that this development would have a material impact from a monetary though we will have to see if anything eventuates from this in the sold its stake in the project to for up to last month. It previously had to give up part of the iron ore deposit in Guinea the largest untapped resource of the ingredient to a company controlled by the billionaire deal with the government later became the subject of an international investigation and an agent for received a jail mining companies have become embroiled in corruption scandals in recent years. Last year was fined for violating US law by treating 60 foreign government officials and their spouses to trips to the 2008 the biggest mining is currently dealing with the fallout of the dam collapse a year ago that left 19 people dead and hundreds amid accusations that the company put profit before safety. Eight of its employees face criminal 
The navy will be heading to the coast of to investigate claims that a diver may have come across lost a Mark IV bomb that went missing after an bomber crashed in the region during the cold was wrapping up a day of diving near an archipelago west of the coast of when he stumbled across what may be the remains of the first known the code name for accidents involving nuclear weapons. lost nuke was just looking for fish for the next day. I figured I would do a little reconnaissance dive looking around and on my dive I got pretty far from my he told the Broadcasting Corporation. then I found something that I had ever seen The object was he measuring around 12 feet long. resembled a bagel cut in and then around the circle of the bagel these bolts all molded into like half spheres. It was the strangest thing I had ever US atomic bomb detonation was avoided by slightest margin of Read came out of the excitedly describing the object and its bolts that were bigger than basketballs. started telling my I found a He sketched a rough outline of what he had seen on a napkin. started asking curious if anyone else had ever come across the mysterious object. had ever seen it before or heard of it. Nobody ever dives he told the Sun. some you might have found that was a reference to the Mark a nuclear bomb weighing some five tonnes and which went missing over the Pacific during a US air force training flight on 13 1950. According to the Royal Aviation Museum of Western the intercontinental bomber had left an air base in for a mission that included a simulated drop on when three of the six engines caught fire. The crew was forced to abandon the bomber but US air force reports said they first jettisoned the bomb over the Pacific. The US military said the lost bomb was a dummy capsule packed with lead rather than the plutonium core needed for an atomic bomber disappeared from the radar screen just before midnight. Days 12 of the 17 men were found alive. The set to autopilot by the crew before they parachuted out of the crashed into the mountains of northern The parallels between what he had seen and the story of the lost nuke sent searching sure there was a story about this lost he told An image turned up a photo resembling what he had seen. big circle with these I had no idea that particular bomb contained all these big bigger than A further search suggested that the balls each some 20 inches he said were home to the explosive stored in the Mark IV. army investigate mysterious sound coming from sea floor Read bomber had crashed some 50 miles south of where he had been diving. right in the right area and it looks like it could be a piece of that he said. else could it possibly I was thinking but probably not a detailed his find in an email to department of national who told him they were looking into the matter with Armed Forces said on that a navy ship would be deployed in the coming weeks to investigate the object. Government records indicate that the lost bomb was a dummy and poses little risk of nuclear said a spokesperson. we do want to be sure and we do want to investigate it he said. A team in unexploded ordnance will determine what if the object poses and whether it should be retrieved from its resting place or left as he added. 
J. Trump embarked on one of the rituals of the presidency on meeting in New with the prime minister of as he continued his fitful adjustment to the protocols of diplomacy. am convinced Trump is a leader in whom I can have great said after the meeting at Trump Tower. He described the encounter as The visit with came after 32 congratulatory phone calls from foreign leaders in the nine days since Trump won the election. None seem to have adhered to established diplomatic in which the State Department choreographs the sequence of the calls and provides policy guidance and translating services. On the State Department said it was finally in contact with emissaries. But until they had not requested any nor had the calls including with President V. of and other adversaries of the United States been routed through the State as is according to a department official. aides did not respond to questions about whether the had used his own interpreter in the meeting with and calls with other or whether he had relied on interpreters provided by them. order that the calls are done in seems like a silly protocol issue. But one that people really think said a senior fellow at the Center for a New Security and a former top aide to the national security E. Rice. are taking messages away from whether you think important or visit first with a foreign leader since the election came on a day when the was steeped in foreign policy. He met with former Secretary of State Henry A. to discuss and issues around the ranging from and China to and the according to the transition team. He met with ambassador to the United who told reporters afterward that has no doubt that Trump is a true friend of said he looked forward to working with of the members of the Trump including K. chief who has been accused of promoting through his news media News. He met S. the director of the National Security Agency and the top officer at the which gave him his first exposure to the surveillance abilities. And he met with Gen. Jack a former Army vice chief of staff who has been a longtime informal adviser to and a mentor to Gen. H. as well as a prime architect of the troop surge in the W. Bush administration. was for a couple of General said in a telephone interview. by how personable he and by his intellectual curiosity about national security events. Most presidential candidates have an knowledge of national security issues. But he asked excellent General declined to discuss the advice he had given Trump. But he said the new greatest challenge would be to maintain leadership in a world in which radical militancy was threatening to metastasize into a and hostile powers like China and were seeking regional dominance. During the Trump called into question the network of security alliances that the United States had maintained since World War saying the partners in and were not paying their fair share for the umbrella of protection. Few allies were as rattled by campaign statements as Japan. At one he suggested that Japan and South consider acquiring nuclear weapons to protect themselves. In the days leading to officials from the Foreign and Trade Ministries were urging to take a tough line with Trump on the value of the Partnership a huge trade deal that Trump opposes and the defense which Trump has said Japan must contribute more money according to J. a former official in the Bush administration with close ties to Japan. But appeared to reject that preferring to focus on cultivating a personal relationship with Trump. Some Japan experts speculated that was concerned about getting off on the right foot with Trump because when the leader traveled to New in for the United Nations General Assembly he met with who was then the favorite in the presidential but not Trump. prime minister has done very well with strongmen like and said referring to Prime Minister of and the president. question the side still cannot understand is what a Trump administration will actually do on Green added. Dispelling such confusion is one reason for the choreographed nature of the first calls made to leaders. In transition team had a plan for the On the morning of Election Ms. who later became ambassador to the United described the plan in an email to two of his other advisers. anticipation of the many calls from foreign we have prepared a list of priority calls to return and the briefing Ms. Rice wrote at view is that he should return the calls through the State Dpt. Ops which is comparatively apolitical and has translation capabilities and can assist as desired with The Ops Center serves as a giant switchboard for the providing interpreters as needed to ensure that officials are confident their words are being translated accurately. Using government switchboards can also help prevent hoaxes. During the 2008 two comedians pretending to be the pranked the Republican two days before the election. That call got through despite the fact that advisers to Senator John of the Republican presidential had a policy of never letting take a call from a purported foreign leader without first checking out the telephone number with the State according to a person familiar with that operations. In it has been Prime Minister of reached out to Trump early in the week after getting his phone number from a professional apparently becoming the second world leader to congratulate him after President of beat the prime minister. In the case of brief conversation with the prime it was conducted in though the said to
We seem to be fascinated with the and get enough so how come his play Henry VIII is never Post your answers and new questions below or email them to Please include address and phone and
The writer Peter the opportunity to meet the Queen and others at Palace in order to maintain his independence writing a highly anticipated biopic of the royal The which offers an look at the ascension to the throne and early years as could cause some controversy as King VI is portrayed reciting a limerick on the morning of his wedding that includes the word The opening episode of the first which launches on 4 starts with the king coughing blood into the toilet and includes a gruesome operation in Palace. Twitter Peter and writer and director of The Crown. the fondness for dirty limericks has been the limerick was chosen from a selection put forward in emails between the production team and the told an invited audience at the Academy of Film and Television Arts that while dramatic was used to heighten some a team of seven or eight researchers had worked on historical the details left out of the biopic was that the Queen to share a lot of with her new husband. toyed with the idea of putting them in a bath together but I maybe he whose earlier work The Audience focused on the relationships with prime ministers insisted he had not sought official want to keep my he said. to have complete independence. I want to be free to write how and what I want. I want to feel that endorsed or supported or that I owe Twitter in The Crown. said he had the opportunity to meet her a couple of because he would be meeting someone he had written so much who started a rich vein of writing about leaders with The which depicted the political pact between Tony and was given a in the 2016 New Year for services to drama. was lucky enough to be given an he said. gentleman came up to me and put a card in my hand and think you and I should have I just felt it was better for him and better for me not the second series of The Crown which finishes in the already being filmed in in north said he was that we will carry said it was even more important to keep his distance from the palace we do carry on more and more people are connected and palace source confirmed there had been no contact between the two a fictional Unless anything is the palace is likely to ignore any as it has done with other royal biopics. Twitter as and Smith as Prince in The Crown. writer and director were full of praise for the live streaming global which agreed the deal. said yes and got out of the said was the desire for authenticity that the executive creative director of the producers Left Bank was persuaded by to pay for an expensive vintage train to show the royal trip to The cost of the two series was more than for 20 
A court decision to require the sale of the profitable language translation has employees howling. They fear their employer will be pushed into the hands of a private equity buyer who would cut jobs. But the real fault lies with the owners who seem to be acting like spoiled wreaking havoc on the company they founded. and R. founded in their dorm room when they lived together while attending New business school more than two decades ago. The company is owned 50 percent by Ms. and 49 percent by One percent of the company is held by mother to qualify the business as a majority business. Since 1992 the company has blossomed and is now probably worth more than billion. has more than 3,500 and annual revenue has reached nearly million. The which is based in New has become a leading provider of translation services. While has the relationship between Ms. and has as is detailed in the decision. They were briefly engaged in but Ms. broke it off the next year. According to Ms. showed a pattern of terrorizing behavior toward the man she eventually the court said. But Ms. and stayed with the company as executives and Here is where it got complicated. They never did the most basic thing entrepreneurs do when they form a company draft an agreement that details how decisions would be made and what would happen if there was no agreement. In the latter there is typically a a mechanism that allows either party to exit by offering to sell his or her shares to the other at a set price. Ms. and failure to do this most basic thing would haunt them through this day and lead to litigation in multiple states. Without an agreement on how to run the the two were deadlocked. mother voted with not surprisingly. And the mantra that is other clearly applies to The two tried to arrange a working peace by governing separate but as the court opinion there were and by Ms. and where each would hold things up that the other wanted unless he or she got certain things. For when Ms. questioned plans to open an office in sent a number of emails threatening to dismantle the company. YOU TO MAKE ME GO NUCLEAR OVER A office decision is not one you should take You get the idea. In 2012 things got worse. According to the opinion by Chancellor G. of the Court of Ms. and would make decisions for the business but the other would then refuse to allow the decision to proceed unless he or she got something else. Ms. hired lawyers to advise and secretly hacked her emails to read them. The court has sanctioned him for it. The bickering escalated. In after an argument in the office. filed a complaint with the police against Ms. accusing her of battery and describing her as his former something that would ensure an arrest. The charges were but filed a tort case that according to the court. The court said employees made a because of the arbitrary occurring. With all the litigation was inevitable. The strategy of each party appears to be to buy out the other. But in where is there is a special provision of the law to appoint a custodian of the business if there is deadlock. The Chancellor found that the deadlock in the case met that standard. But he also found that the and utter should not justify keeping the parties in place with the business run by a custodian. This would require Ms. the most likely to sell her shares at a discount since he rational person would want to step into shoes to partner with someone willing to constant and the to get his appointing a tiebreaker director would be inappropriate because both parties were relatively young. Chancellor ordered the company sold and the proceeds split among the partners. The reaction has been heated. has appealed. A group of employees that says it represents both the and forces also has started a campaign to get the decision overturned. The employees have formed for arguing that the decision is unprecedented because is a very profitable and successful business and that a sale would cause turmoil. the leader of the predicted that half the employees would be fired if a private equity firm took over. But change is and the business may or may not prosper under a new owner. The group has also submitted to newspapers and proposed an amendment to law. One employee has sued Chancellor in New federal court claiming the decision silenced his right to speak against the sale. The Citizens for is trying to frame this as an issue of a court interfering with a and has even persuaded W. to side with it. The group has clearly gotten under the skin of the judges. Vice Chancellor also of the Chancery it is utter fabrication and ridiculous He you have here is someone outside the judicial to influence supposed to be a disinterested court But be real. The founders decided to incorporate in and judge here is applying the law. Given the childish behavior of both he is on good grounds. It seems highly unlikely that the higher court will overturn this. The legal fees would be much better spent counseling traumatized employees or going to charity. The founders chose to not settle their arrangements upfront and then bullied each other and employees in a vicious power struggle. I like to say in my classroom that a business is like a marriage where you your arrangements through a prenuptial agreement. This is one that has become an ugly divorce where not about me winning but you losing. The aggrieved employees of should not blame the judge but instead the founders who seem to have succeeded despite themselves. It is really their fault and a problem they can easily fix by behaving. There is a lesson here for too. Remember that like a get your affairs in order when you start a or you might pay.
If you want a decent sleep stop fiddling with your researchers have US study has found that greater screen particularly at is linked to disrupted sleep patterns including taking a longer time to drop off. more screen the worse the quality of said of the research from the University of The research ties in with a growing body of evidence that suggests that using electronic devices can get in the way of think there is quite a lot of data now showing that these electronic devices being used at night is a said an expert in sleep science from the University of who was not involved in the lot these devices emit quite a bit of blue and it is the blue light which is a particular problem because that suppresses the hormone he added. begins to rise a few hours before sleep onset and it is kind of your signal to get ready for said also has an alerting effect on the while the perusal of content or emails that cause and the act of simply using a could also play a role. Published in the journal One by researchers from the University of and mental the study drew on answers from adults who had completed a series of surveys as part of an international health study called Health Participants were also asked to download an that continuously and automatically collected data on the number of hours during which their screen was turned on. Those who had used the for at least 30 days were included in the analysis. In total 653 adults completed the with the results revealing that participants spent on average 3.7 minutes of every hour using their Younger people and those identifying as black or spent longer on average on their phones than involving data from 136 of the revealed that longer screen time was linked to fewer hours of and a lower proportion of the time in bed spent asleep. On every extra minute of time individuals spent on their said was linked to a decrease in sleep duration of approximately five team then looked at use around bedtime for the 56 participants for whom sufficient data was available. The results reveal that greater screen time at the hour of bedtime or after was linked to a greater proportion of time spent awake in bed. said on average every extra minute of time individuals spent on their phone was linked to an increase in the time it took to fall asleep of a minute and a half. The study itself does not show whether increased screen time drives poor or whether those who sleep badly end up using their phones more frequently. the authors referred to previous research into the disruptive effect of blue light from electronic and suggest the effect of engaging websites and such as on sleep requires further research. am a big fan of technology and think technology can help us solve many said I think that this suggests that we need to think carefully about how to the use of that technology and understand the consequences of that poor sleep linked to an increased risk of a number of health from obesity to researchers say the impact of merits we cannot prove these data do suggest that screen especially before may be harmful in terms of helping us achieve a good said agrees. whole point about sleep is basically downtime for the brain and the and and he said. type of activity just before sleep goes completely against all of 
sorry to bother you. just you look so sad. Are you not enjoying life in me a bit of a disaster because I want sometimes to walk a little bit and I I just want to cross the bridge and go for a restaurant. I so it is really My life is a disaster Read I worry too much about the restaurants pretty much a choice between Bistro and Rolls but it be much fun for you in living in that room above the Arms. Why you put an offer in on a I do not I do not know. But if I can get a good apartment not these giant houses that the press says going to buy. I will never buy But if I find a nice apartment with a good connection from the garage to the maybe I do it but I does some pretty good ready meals these days. And Primer on the corner. owns the place now you know. but you must miss your kids reality is that my daughter will be 20 next my son will be 17 in a couple of months. They are very grow so quickly. in that gone down to that so we be seeing her for a bit. basically the moon in Football in Friends. So they are in an age where they chase me like they did before. So for the first time the family lives in a different Well I suppose there are some things that try to feel we try to see the evolution of our feelings and see how we cope with the you should try some of hotpot. That always makes me I have my and I can ask for food to also be which I do yes. good. I must get round to salon for my know the history of the for the hotel and the brand that sponsors the clothes is amazing because they are there every brand what knows the name of the Everybody knows the last arrivals of that So for it is yes. cheerio am still learning about football in this country. Even when we were winning 10 games in a row I felt we had to make a lot of effort to win those games. You cannot win any game here without spending a lot of ON BIG WEBSITE United 1-2 City with John report of the Milk Cup round of 16 match kicking off at whilst Hill is on hand to guide you through West Ham 2-3 at the slightly more sociable hour of QUOTE OF THE did not fail on the field. I am not going to fail in the talks the good talk at the launch of his new line of condoms. Twitter The boys. THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring am a City my mate is a man. been trying to convince him that it is a far more pleasant footballing experience waking up on a both live significantly to the east of Fiver though in the south and in the to results that show your team to be a contender in the Championship rather than to be an in the Premier even if the ultimate price of success is to end up spending a season or two in the significantly more unpleasant role. But not convinced of the excitement and of being part of the Greatest League in the etc and so on. be interested in the opinions of other Fiver readers who support teams that might provide evidence either way. Of if I was equipped with a copy of Football as a trailing spouse diplomatic I might be able to undertake extensive on the relative merits of the two Hodge. response to letter I am such a lazy letter writer that I even write a lazy letter simply asking for a copy of Football Manager. Therefore maybe I am more entitled to a Or have I just ruined my chances by showing that I am proactive enough to write a lazy to hear speak of his trouble adapting to life in due to still staying in a hotel. My advice to him is to take a leaf out of book and see the positives. He must already have accumulated loads of free body lotion anticipating the standard of the breakfasts in the hotel be residing be a fool not to have bought a big plate by I be the first of 1,056 pedants to point out to Fiver that the voting rules have according to the video accompanying the list. No longer will international managers and captains be thus will be able to ensure England have done as they have always making a hash of itself on the international stage. But I see Fiver has done what it has always done being lazy and sloughing off its work to Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winners is who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager Towers. not out till 4 so you the lucky got a few more copies to give so if you want keep the letters AND defender Bailly is going to be sidelined until with and is due to return just in time for the Cup of Lionesses have beaten 2-1 in thanks to Nice guy has resisted the temptation to kick while down. the England captain and although he start in to me he is a hugely influential cheered has told to take a chill pill. is too nervous at the moment when he has the possibility to he majority of football fans in would have no issues with an openly gay player at their although have said they would stop going to support their Joey will hold talks with Rangers on in an attempt to resolve his future. Fiver reaches for the popcorn WANT that time when St Jimmy and Trump made the draw for the Fizzy Cup in Then read all about it here. Twitter Trump helps with the League Cup draw in recalls why the Milk Cup that brings the best out of United and City. So Fresh. So Clean. Outcast from could well be in with a sniff of that elusive league thinks my father streams readers provide their reasons and tales for watching feeds as Big Stop Football campaign cranks up a Of. The. Week. The Prince is this find out which football club was the first to have an official club website in the latest trip down lane. is heading for the United exit so says and when things were going so well for the at has the and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social YOU EVER STOPPED TO THINK WHY 
The hacker who stole nude photos of female celebrities in 2014 has been sentenced to 18 months in federal officials announced on a court in a from pleaded guilty to federal hacking charges and admitted to a scam to gain passwords of more than 100 including actors and Plaza and singers and Feminists rally round after nude photos threats Read tricked celebrities into handing him their and passwords by sending his targets fake emails that appeared to be from Apple and US attorney said in a statement. then stole personal including nude from his most of whom work in the entertainment industry. some office would use a software program to download the entire contents of the Apple backups. In ran a modeling scam in which he tricked his victims into sending him nude found that had gained access to at least 50 Apple accounts and 72 many of which belonged to famous August 2014 images of more than 100 singers and other well known women were posted which were variously confirmed and condemned by some of the celebrities and called fakes by others. Several quickly criticized Apple for failing to secure private information on its and the company said that it had suffered very targeted attack on passwords and security of the cases we have investigated has resulted from any breach in any of the company said that the US attorney that investigators did not uncover evidence linking him to the actual release of private information or photos that shared or uploaded the information he was originally charged in but the case was transferred closer to his home in where a judge sentenced him on He had faced up to five years in jail and a investigators have traced similar hacking attacks on celebrities to two other one in and one in Each pleaded guilty earlier this and investigators have said the three cases are 
Imagine the world was facing upheaval on a scale not seen during modern a change that would imperil the great cities by the rising seas and snuff out species at at the fastest rate since the dinosaurs disappeared. Then imagine you were a had repeated chances to ask the next president of the United States about this and decided to not do apparent failure of the media during the presidential election has been multifaceted and fiercely debated. But the absence of climate change as a leading topic in the election of Trump is perhaps the single greatest rebuke to the idea that power should be held to account for the benefit of this and future failure was most apparent during the presidential where hours of television saw not one moderator question pitched to Trump or on climate change. It was left to Ken he of the red sweater and brief to come closest with a question about coal consequences of unchecked climate which is essentially what Trump proposes by denying the problem dwarfed every other issue including emails discussed during the debates. And yet it raised. It was the equivalent of getting an exclusive interview with and in 1942 and not asking them about the change was also missing in broader coverage of the especially on cable where scientific emergencies make good fodder for breathless journalism. The public were periodically warned that the seas are eating away east coast and that no not just it really is warm this but climate change was treated as a side issue rather than being central to every energy and foreign policy question the country is grappling with. a leading climate is the great issue of our time and we are skirting around it. just baffled by To be many also skirt around climate change even if they are concerned about it. Nearly of say that climate change is at least somewhat important to them according to the Program on Climate although few people talk about the issue with family or friends. are broadly in favor of developing clean sources of energy but a clear political divide about how to approach climate change. Polling by the Pew Research Center shows half of supporters cared about climate change a great compared with of Trump supporters. Maybe now that the reality of the next four years of president Trump is sinking a more considered view of the problems faces will take hold. Maybe people will realize important that left it to the very last minute to cut greenhouse gas emissions and that failure to do this will probably risk their prosperity and national security. Maybe the spread of disease and the rising seas will be grasped as something to be urgently remedied before tropical advance further and south is inundated. There is much detail to work both on the impacts of climate change and how policies will influence them. The has promised to withdraw the US from the climate to scrap the Clean Power slash funding for renewable energy and somehow attempt to reboot the ailing coal industry. How far he will go with this and indeed how invested he personally is in it beyond outlandish tweeted is still unclear. Exiting the accord will require a notice period but as the agreement is beyond its goal of avoiding dangerous global Trump could simply drop any attempt to cut emissions and sit it out as other countries try to suppress their panic as to what to do now that the US a climate leader anymore. Trump wants to accelerate domestic coal and gas production to achieve energy but this goal is contradictory and barely feasible given the unfavorable economics facing coal and oil in particular. The new president also wants to roll back the Environmental Protection Agency while having water and clean air. He has spoken admiringly of natural beauty but has surrounded himself with fossil fuel billionaires and lobbyists who want to split open public lands for their enrichment. Republicans largely support this stance but at the same time they want a public enraged by degraded national parks or another Flint water for example. Untangling these contradictions and what they mean for the and the will arguably form the most important legacy left by a Trump presidency. up to the media to start helping do 
A army doctor with an unblemished service record was sacked because he discovered potentially criminal appropriation of morphine at a military base in the of a tribunal has army officers allegedly tried to smear Frost by calling him a conspiracy theorist and a when he challenged his dismissal at an employment court documents who led the campaign to reopen the inquest into the death of the weapons expert was dismissed in 2013 by the Ministry of after a war veteran was wrongly given morphine tablets six times the strength he had been MoD accepts Frost neither wrote the prescription nor dispensed the painkillers at barracks near But he was nonetheless sacked for not telling the veteran that he had been issued with the wrong tablets and was at risk of denies responsibility for the error. He believes MoD officers deliberately tried to discredit and him before his employment evidence before a panel in on Frost said he found himself in a situation when he was suddenly sacked with no explanation on 6 2013. Comparing himself to a character in The Frost was arrested but he know what he had been charged but at least he knew he was under threat. I know I was under tribunal has been told that the officer who sacked Frost decided to him after learning that the doctor planned to challenge his dismissal in the courts. Col Black sent an email to an MoD official saying of number of tweets refer to the war in His main vehicle is the website Global which is a site it is clear to me that Frost has an to grind and it surprises me that he has chosen to work for the MoD environment when his views are so another who was then in charge of Army Primary Services notes that page a scene as its header. I think his love of is sparked by his interest in ballet and culture in general but we have seen this with intellectuals and idealists in the to the response to these emails were sent to primary trust in Wales. In his claim Frost says the emails were forwarded with the intention of his reputation such that he could not practice as a doctor The MoD denies that it sought to maliciously discredit or libel Frost or damage his hope of working as a has not worked or been paid since and says he has suffered depression and anxiety as a result of the experience. He is claiming undisclosed aggravated and exemplary damages for loss of earnings and injury to his health and worked as a at from 22 covering for a doctor who had been deployed to His contract was due to end on 30 but was abruptly terminated via email and text message from his Recruitment on 6 that was subsequently told that the MoD believed he had failed in his duty of to tell the war veteran patient that a pharmacist had given him the wrong strength morphine tablets by mistake. The told Frost she had mistakenly tablets as and wrongly dispensed them to the says in his claim that after a consultation with the patient he was confident the patient had not taken the because he was not showing withdrawal symptoms despite his supply having run out at least a week previously. He made notes in the medical records to that which he now claims amount to a evidence of which affords an employee special legal protection. The MoD denies that the notes qualify as protected claim he says he began to suspect criminal activities had taken place and that there was a need for police after the patient insisted he had never been given the which are a different from the pills he had been prescribed by another doctor. His claim form also alleges he raised concerns about health and safety concerns in respect of the way in which the pharmacy says he raised concerns with MoD staff at his concern that the dispensing error was highly unlikely to have been a mistake and that he considered to have been coerced into illegal be it by threats or says his suggestion that police be called was met with and apparent Neither civilian nor military police were informed. Responding to the MoD asserts that in the contemporaneous documents is it recorded that the claimant believed that the overdose incident was related to a deliberate criminal act or that he communicated this to tribunal continues. 
Struggling to respond to J. a group of Democrats moved swiftly to endorse Representative of for chairman of the Democratic National hoping that he would be a fresh face for a party with a depleted bench. But after steadily adding endorsements from leading Democrats in his bid to take over the is encountering resistance from a formidable the White House. In a sign of the discord gripping the President uneasy with the progressive have begun casting about for an according to multiple Democratic officials close to the president. The battle pits the titans of the Democratic Party against one with camp at odds with figures like Chuck the new Senate Democratic and Senator Warren of some of whom discussed the party leadership race at a White House meeting last have talked about whether Labor Secretary E. and former Gov. of would be willing to run for the post. met with Vice President R. last week and had lunch in the White House Mess with senior while also visiting with political director. Some in circle were even holding out hope that himself could be persuaded to step into the chairmanship as a unifying force for a party reeling after losing the presidency and making scant gains in the House and Senate. But office said that he was interested in being though he plans to deeply involved in helping shape the direction of the Democratic Party moving The tumultuous tenure of Representative who was forced out as party leader in convinced a wide range of Democrats that whoever takes over the committee must make it their sole focus. too much at stake for us not to have somebody working in a said a New assemblyman and veteran of both of who is considering a vice chairmanship. has to be your But there are other reasons for the discomfort with that illustrate lingering divisions after a bruising presidential primary fight and a general election in which suffered deep losses among whites and could not match support among young and nonwhite voters. Some in orbit and say that elevating would amount to handing the party to Senator Sanders of primary race and his liberal followers. was a backer of presidential and Sanders has been rallying support for bid. Already a polarizing figure among he ignited new controversy this week by saying the party needed to beyond identity not good enough for someone to a Vote for Sanders told students in on a comment widely seen as a criticism of not good enough. What we need is a woman who has the guts to stand up to Wall to the insurance to the drug to the fossil fuel This call for an brand of liberalism is what galvanized so many of his but his blunt language also served to remind some Democrats of the divisive primary race. There is little appetite for a replay of that fight in the which will be decided by members of the committee when they gather in for their winter meeting. Some top Democrats had hoped to a contest by backing bid. Ms. Warren and an array of House members and unions were lining up behind him even before he formally entered the race. But along with his inability to do the job full time and his links to past criticism of and praise for the Nation of worry some Democrats looking for a figure to lead the opposition to Trump. a defended in the saying he was an and has positioned himself on the left flank of congressional Democrats on the head of the called important ally in the fight against but said he had taken positions on the conflict which we strongly differ and that concern hope that all candidates for this post will make clear where they stand on these and that the Democratic National Committee will make a choice that affirms the longstanding bipartisan consensus on a strong he said. Aides to were going to make him available for a telephone but then declined when informed that he would be asked about his past comments on They emailed a list of his links to the community and a statement that need an organizer who will energize the across this country to build the party from the bottom A handful of state Democratic leaders have entered or are considering entering the and the former governor and has also expressed interest. But it is a son of whom many prominent Democrats would like to see enter the and who appears most willing to consider it. The has been considering an endorsement of but delayed its in part because organized labor has a good relationship with called L. the president of the to tell him he was seriously considering a run and to ask him to hold off on an according to three Democratic officials familiar with the conversation. A spokesman for declined to comment on the race and said the administration was neutral. But many in the sphere think highly of and Ms. very connected to the experience of everyday and he has a connection to immigrant as longtime said of who is also mulling a run for governor in in 2018. comes to this with a lot of assets if he were to step and who both declined to discuss whether they intended to were early supporters of which could turn the race into the proxy war some Democrats want to avoid.
Bee has criticized first confirmed cabinet choices and rumored candidates as a of zealots and the latest episode of Full Frontal with the comedian joked that Trump is assembling a White House staff after has told him a thing presidents have to Oliver on misogynist is president Read spoke about the reality controversial choice to hire as his top referring to him as milkshake that brings all the to the went on to criticize for refusing to denounce after he claimed he speak on his extreme views because he know guess vigorous vetting process for determining whether someone is bad consists of two have I met them and do they have a private email she said. Twitter She spoke about the mixture of career politicians and unlikely wondering if this combination would appeal to his voters. so just as likely to elect a rabid possum in hopes that it would bite she said. the got zero qualifications but loyal and what matters when staffing your Sopranos pork store on also brought up the decision to place many people in positions where they have little direct cabinet list just a nightmare a nightmare is running out of almond milk at a brunch party. This is a nightmare for anyone who thinks job candidates should have relevant experience and education beyond the qualification of being named she was also time to call out the retired brain surgeon who is rumored for a role in the government. Twitter rocket will no longer use brain surgeon as a for she said. now when we call someone a real brain it means political only in the public eye because Republicans think liberals care only about identity politics and will be happy with any zombie who kind of looks like ended with the warning of a of zealots and extremists come could be packing their bags for the White 
1. After a morning of statements and Twitter Trump met with Times journalists and our at our Midtown headquarters. We his comments. He retreated from a vow to pull out of the climate saying he would keep open He said that he to white supremacists. He suggested that his could help broker peace between and And Trump confirmed that he was dropping his threat of further investigations into private email server and family saying she had already That decision may provoke a backlash among his supporters. 2. The was also asked about a meeting with a shortly after the election. According to a person present at that Trump encouraged to oppose the kind of offshore wind farms that Trump believes will mar the view from one of his golf courses. might have brought it he said during his lunch at The Times. Legal experts say international business ventures could easily run afoul of a constitutional clause on conflicts of interest. The Supreme Court has never squarely considered the clause and there are no historical analogies. 3. Representative of is encountering resistance from the White House in his bid to become chairman of the Democratic National Committee. His supporters hoped he would be a fresh face for a party with a depleted bench. But President uneasy with the progressive are casting about for an according to multiple Democratic officials close to the president. 4. awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 people. the highest civilian and has awarded more of them than any other president. The honorees include and the Night creator and Bill and among other boldfaced names. He also granted clemency to 79 drug bringing the number of people whose sentences he has commuted to over 1,000. 5. More details are emerging about the school bus crash in that killed five students on The authorities say the driver was going the speed limit when the bus crashed. been charged with five counts of vehicular homicide. 6. The military campaign to oust the State from is in its sixth week. Our photographer and reporter covering the battle focus on an intensifying humanitarian the thousands of residents trying to flee. Stories of anguish like one from a man searching for his parents are common. have not heard from he told our reporter. am always 7. Some babies who have linked to the virus might appear healthy at but develop symptoms later. the unfortunate finding in a new study of 13 babies in Doctors say there will most likely be other waves of children whose brains were affected by the but not severely enough to be noticed in their early months or years. 8. under fire over its past efforts to undercut climate is accusing the family of masterminding a conspiracy against it. family longtime backers of environmental have supported much of the research and reporting that have called the company to account for its climate policies. In John D. founded Standard the company that became a member of the 9. There is a sense of relief in Japan after a powerful earthquake tested the safety of a nuclear power plant. The quake hit near the site of the 2011 nuclear disaster in which three reactors melted down. This the and power stations responded well. But critics remain concerned about whether the company is prepared for a disaster on the scale of the 2011 earthquake. 10. Global warming is altering the ecology of the Arctic on a vast scale. Two sets of scientists have found with air temperatures far warmer and sea ice far rarer than algae that form the base of the oceanic food chain are wildly proliferating. The changes are likely to have a profound impact on animals like polar bears and whales. 11. been talking a lot about Thanksgiving dinner. But what about the before and Here are some recipes for appetizers on the big and a hearty to feed overnight guests.
The Serious Fraud Office has been given special funding to pursue its criminal investigation into a firm that has been implicated in an international bribery Treasury has awarded the extra money for the inquiry into a which is accused of corruptly securing contracts for dozens of multinationals. was hired to work in various parts of the world by the company which is also under investigation by the The further expansion of the inquiry comes four years after it first started looking at A investigation published on revealed how extensive it has night one of former employees admitted to bribing a government official in an interview with the Panorama said that in 2009 he handed an envelope filled with US dollars to a manager at a subsidiary of the National Oil Company. According to the man had made clear he could help clients obtain a contract from the government. interview marks the first time a former insider has gone on the record to allege misconduct at the firm. He is reportedly cooperating with law and has said he would be willing to testify against his former investigation into began this year after a leak of thousands of the emails to journalists at Media. Authorities in the US and are understood to be investigating the firm following a raid in March of the headquarters by police in has denied that it has been involved in adding that it intends to sue journalists over the and damaging The company also said some of the information that formed the basis of the allegations against it been gathered as a result of criminal activity including award of the special financing by the Treasury known in official jargon as has previously been granted for a small number of major investigations. These include the rigging of the interest a mining company accused of and the amount of money awarded to the for its inquiry is not known. the award indicates that the inquiry is now one of its largest investigations. For four the has been investigating allegations that hired middlemen to land contracts around the world. said it was fully cooperating with this and other official investigations and could not comment further. The investigation identified 12 countries where used commercial advisers or middlemen to obtain contracts. The company hired in five according to documents leaked to Media. In an interview with described depositing an envelope filled with cash at the house late one evening. made the payment at the house at 11 at dropped it he said. just dropped it off and your The two men then had coffee at the Fraud 
The website of foremost replica furniture boasts that the firm created to make great design accessible to before greatest furniture designs are back where they in your not. They are in fact in a warehouse in County unless the customers who ordered them travel to to collect or pay a delivery firm to do they will be resold or them is a chair ordered by back in made in the style of Danish designer The confirmation email stated it would take up to 12 weeks to arrive at her and the full including was debited from her account. Those 12 weeks came and then out of the blue in August she was contacted by a shipping company demanding to deliver the chair from called only for the firm to disclose that it had moved to since she placed her order. It offered to deduct from the price of the chair to cover the extra shipping it reinvented itself as an company in May to escape new copyright laws that would have rendered much of its merchandise illegal. no mention of the relocation on its which also does not give an and the on delivery and extra charges are silent on the issue. Only deep down in the terms and conditions is it mentioned that customers must arrange their own delivery from is an early casualty of a change in legislation which has made it a criminal to sell replicas of design icons without a pricey The amendment to the Designs and Patents which came in to force in retrospectively extends the design rights to unregistered classic works created after 1957 from 25 years after their launch to 70 years after the death. This sounds the death knell for affordable replicas of bestsellers such as the floor lamp and Egg chair and threatens to put scores of companies that supply them out of further proposed rule change will slap copyright on iconic designs which never qualified for copyright protection in the first making it a criminal to incorporate any element of them into a new work. This means that anyone without a from the copyright holder who is selling for the chair bought by could face a fine and up to 10 years in prison. Householders who want to get the look will now have to fork out thousands rather than hundreds for a piece of and magazines will be if they show photos of items protected by the copyright without buying a which sells copies of classic designs for up to seven times less than the full says it was forced to decamp to where the design right still applies. It can legally sell replicas to customers so long as it deliver the there. shippers who deliver them under a separate contract are not breaking the and says it will deduct the extra cost from the bills of affected customers. Twitter ordered a chair before the design laws and now has to arrange delivery from Rob unfortunate that due to the law change and the influx of orders some customers were and that moving systems to affected our ability to communicate with them a spokesperson says. thought have until the end of the year to existing unfortunately the government deadline was brought forward at the experience illustrates the shambles into which the new laws have plunged the design industry. Legislation to design right laws was rushed out with a speed that experts say could cripple the replica and decorative arts market. Almost companies that had been trading legitimately for decades found that they would be committing a criminal if they continued to sell their stock. consumers will have to wait up to 40 years for bestselling designs to emerge from the new copyright. We know which orders to stop since there is no list of which designs qualify for furniture was the lobbying might of the Swiss design giant that forced the law change. It campaigned for copyright laws to be aligned with the 1998 design directive which sought to give furniture the same protection as music and photography across the In the unregistered industrially produced furniture was protected by a design right of only 25 years after its first year of and the parliament had agreed it could preserve this rule when it issued the directive. But which holds distribution rights for original Miller including the lounge claimed this had spawned a cheap replica market in the which cost it a year in lost 2015 the Intellectual Property Office said the law would come into force in 2020 to give companies time to get rid of compromised stock and invest in new designs. It would be applied retrospectively so that furniture with design rights would receive a new copyright lasting 70 years after the death. along with three other big had wanted the law change within six so threatened legal action and in 2015 the announced that replica sales of works of would become illegal in 2016. But it is the proposal to close a loophole that exempts designs that never qualified for copyright from the new rules that threatens to destroy since most of the 15 best selling creations predate that watershed. Some have already gone bust after investing in new stock and designs following the promised transition predicament is compounded by the fact that no one can define which works are deemed to have The Law Society has asked in vain for the government admits it know. Instead it declares that the courts must decide on a case by case had a deluge of orders before the law and we know which ones to stop since there is no list of which designs qualify for says of Iconic Designs. He has written six times to and its fellow lobbyists asking which designs cannot be but has heard nothing. used to bring in four containers of lounge chairs a now its a trickle because we know if and when they will be experts are appalled by the rushed legislation. Professor director of the for Intellectual Property and Information says it was not required by and his concerns were ignored by politicians. odd thing about the artistic works that the government is now going to protect by is that no copyright ever subsisted in these works under he says. latest consultation proposes to bring these works into copyright without any transitional which will simply make illegal the sale of copies that have been lawfully made or imported before the change in the law. It is completely says the legislation was necessary to protect even though the creators of most of the bestselling works are long dead. Twitter An Egg chair created by Danish designer hails the new law as a victory for the design industry. welcome the decision of the government which mandates that artistic designs will soon fall under the same copyright protection in the as they do in other says a spokesperson who declines to answer which of the works it distributes qualify as far from benefiting the amendment will in fact hobble according to from the Expired Copyright a campaign group set up to oppose the changes. designer setting out to create a new product is faced with the minefield of ensuring that it does not incorporate any element from an earlier design that could be deemed to have an artistic quality to he the casualties is the ordinary consumer who afford to pay thousands for classic while those living outside the can legally buy and sell cheap replicas once the design right has expired. For companies like can get round the rules by relocating to Not for has set its sights on forcing the Republic to its rules with the design those most troubled by the new laws might have been the and Ray who thought that great design should be available to the masses. Now those masses will have to pay around for that leather You have 14 days to cancel an mail or telephone order under the consumer contract provided had no contact with the trader. If shown an item then go home and confirm the order over the phone you lose the right to If an item is you have a period and can only get a refund if faulty or not as When you place an order the retailer must send you written confirmation along with terms and details of the period and how you can cancel. It should also advise of any charges for returning the If a company asks for extra payment due to relocation after an order is it may be in breach of contract and you should be entitled to If the furniture fit in your that is your problem and the retailer has no obligation to refund you unless the the dimensions were wrongly ensure that you measure the hall and doorways etc before ordering to make sure the item can actually be delivered into your If you legitimately bought a replica of a classic design you can still legally own it and sell it on to a private individual or company. if bought by a dealer they are committing an under the new This article was amended on 21 2016. The headline was changed to reflect the fact that although the law change brings the into line with a it was not enforced by the 
The election the world thought would never end at least began predictably an hour and 50 minutes after the last one was was how long it took one presidential senator Rand to first start campaigning against when polling closed two years ago in the midterm elections. It was to prove almost the only thing that went to script. What happened next would change the certainties of politics forever. US election Trump and watching returns as votes live Read a woman might become a major party nominee and then president of the United States was seen as a historic enough a moment to prove once and for all that no job should be a male preserve and no woman need curb her ambition. Yet almost everyone assumed would be squaring off against one of a pack of Republican was hard to conceive that she might stumble on her way to this feminist showdown thanks to a socialist who nearly upended the Democratic party primary. Even more a television reality show host and property developer who was neither a politician a would sweep all of his primary election rivals aside in a landslide. No scriptwriter could have imagined how close this would lead toward what many critics came to fear was a form of was with other too nationalist some of them even by his own all of them disputed by him. But it was his fondness for authoritarianism and flair for demagoguery that led most to unflattering comparisons with the political landscape of the Who could have guessed that with some deft mutations for the media this virus would come so close to overwhelming the most powerful democracy in the 21st Or how grateful many Democrats would be that the strain arrived wrapped up in a candidate with such obvious Big what is really at stake in this US election Read more Twitter Bizarre road to the campaign in three abound for why Trump decided to run for office. Some say he was stung into action by a humiliating he received from at 2011 White House dinner. Witnesses to the event differ on whether Trump was goaded into seeking revenge or merely flattered by the but he was teased mercilessly for trying to prove the president was born in This of public servants began his political life as the seeking to ride the swinging pendulum away from a high point in racial equality and shifting into opposition to the equivalent moment in was a crowded field. Former governor Bush was long seen as the Republican and raised more money within weeks than his billionaire opponent was ever to contribute to the presidential campaign. Yet Bush was to flop disastrously at the first brush with actual voters. His measly three delegates in the Republican primary election of the total needed to secure the nomination were to cost a piece. Fifteen other candidates copied his ignominious exit from a Republican primary that felt like an election all of its own. Eight of the Republican candidates not even half the field. Images and failing against in coronation as the Democratic nominee looked so preordained that some worried whether the party would ever find a serious candidate to run against her in the primary at all. senator Warren was petitioned by many on the left and resisted. an independent stepped forward instead at first with little hope of winning much beyond his home but determined there should at least be a debate about a more progressive alternative to the traditionally associated with the was to win 22 states and ride a tidal wave of enthusiasm rarely seen in politics. Fueled by anger over economic inequality and this gruff outsider came close several times to achieving enough momentum to pull off a victory that would have made nomination look tame. Like the reeling the Democratic party too was convulsed by a wave of populism it first seemed to let alone respond a generation of young white supporters the his campaign nonetheless never reached escape velocity. Quite apart from its shocking radicalism least by modern it was held back by a lack of early media limited support among voters in the south and determined resistance from the party hierarchy. Despite conspiracy theories to the was to win nationally by a clear and convincing the and sometimes Democratic primary showed its eventual vulnerabilities just as much as it also helped shift her manifesto to the left in ways even Sanders could once only dream of. Most of it demonstrated the desire for Guardian view on vote for Trump. Elect Editorial Read and uncharted mood in 2016 can be tracked most clearly by the waves of support for who vied with in generating historic ratings among voters but also came close to catching up with her in popularity several national opinion poll averages show cycles of support that almost look like oscilloscope waves in their regularity. Seven times in 14 Trump would surge from a position of distant underdog to draw close and sometimes even fractionally ahead his opponent before slipping back again as the country contemplated the shocking implications. Never once was he convincingly out in this rhythm turned just in time to coincide with the when and the raised new questions about past. Before it was the sight of her nearly collapsing in a bombastic Republican and an earlier bout of email scrutiny that marked similar upswings in fortunes. For there were many more moments as the polling took a downward lurch in response to some shocking outburst or year with covering a curiosity that became a dark phenomenon Read debate tax and the emergence of a video of him boasting of groping women helped trigger the last downturn in while attacks on the family of a war hero and allegations of defrauding students were moments that popped earlier polling the ebb and flow of poll numbers and news headlines only captures some of the drama of the 2016 election. Like many political I traveled tens of thousands of miles on the campaign trail over the past couple of covering more than 100 political conventions and debates in 28 states even just a fraction of the distance clocked by the candidates. With the scenes that stand witnessed in person or on are mainly the ones that did not fit into the commentary of who was in front or a binary narrative that seemed so important at but irrelevant compared to this actual voting. The highlights instead were the moments when it became apparent had left the railing and was heading off into some entirely new and uncharted first descended the golden escalator of his skyscraper into a flock of reporters hungry for excitement. Compared to the gruel that Republicans had fed the media before his this flamboyant made news from the moment he opened his mouth. Twitter An elevator descent into madness. others had for to rehash obscure details of role during the 2012 terrorist here was someone who spoke in that made little but loud headlines. would build a great and nobody builds walls better than began his announcement speech in 16 formal debut before an expectant media in of that year was polished and professional but lacking in big ideas. An excited press pack chased her across the plains of in a bus they dubbed the only to discover a tightly disciplined campaign nothing like the cartoon playing on the other also immediately showed a remarkable gift for offending people. In the same first immigrants were dismissed as bringing nothing but drugs and crime to the US. Within minutes it was clear this would be a shockingly divisive it was a weapon he would wield effectively against Republican opponents. Bush was taunted as during a series of debates that played to strengths as a performer but brought the Grand Old Party down to the level of a schoolyard bully. By the time New Jersey governor joined in by destroying another promising it was clear Trump had the brutal dynamic of his reality The Apprentice. Like many he also showed the thin skin and small hands that would later learn how to exploit in their own or Republicans are heading for civil war after election day Read showed early in her debates against helped by his determination to focus on their many policy disagreements. people are sick of hearing about your damn he rescuing his opponent from an early controversy over a private email server she had used while working as secretary of was an issue that was to come back to haunt her again. Though many Democrats agreed with the email controversy raised worrying questions about penchant for privacy. Why should she evade rules designed to ensure classified information remained safely stored on government computers measures that meant embarrassing transgressions might be subject to freedom of information Meanwhile Republicans what did she have to Twitter Making up after a rough Democratic primary season. would not avoid digital controversy either. When staff members were caught looking at campaign tactics on a shared electoral he turned the matter instead into a fight over whether the Democratic National Committee was tipping the scales against him by exacting disproportionate punishment. What sounded paranoid at the time would prove an on the other stuck to a simple message. Hers without one of the most qualified candidacies of modern times. first US presidential secretary of it was a none of the 17 original Republican hopefuls could match. Twitter Bumpy road to election campaign in two Sanders and Trump focused on economic spoke of its social unity. was a campaign slogan that sounded empty at but more and more powerful as her Republican opponent sought to rip civil society are many scenarios to ponder. What if had not been derailed by the death of his son Beau and had decided to run as a populist with What if Sanders given a damn about those What if either Trump or had been up against a candidate with more natural charisma a regular early encounters with voters in 2016 quickly made clear this was anything but a regular election. A tumultuous primary traditionally the first state to pick the caucuses proved the biggest shock to Democrats. Sanders was to lose to by a providing an early indication of her difficulties with white got off to a slow start in thanks to the evangelical appeal of senator but by the time the Republicans got to the next in New in the revolt was in full swing. Sanders and Trump were to win there by record landslides that continued to worry the campaign up until the general on 1 March provided much stronger territory for who took an ultimately unassailable lead over Sanders by cleaning up across the south. She and Trump won seven states each that and the nomination race looked over for each Sanders changed Reviewing a Read were still surprises to some with further potential bearing on vulnerabilities in a general election. was the biggest pointing to the anger in the industrial over trade policy. and were other states where Sanders would continue to raise the hopes of his supporters and the eye of Republican strategists come also demonstrated her strength in metropolitan Her wins in New and finally extinguished the and showed the power of the coalition built up by Democrats. Neither Green party candidate Stein nor libertarian would gain much traction against such a pair of candidates in the months of bitter slogging that followed the things looked bleakest for he would turn abroad for inspiration. He visited the day after it voted to leave to align himself with the mood of rebellion and invited Independence party leader to campaign with him in He would travel to to try to prove and developed a bizarre affinity with that would lead some to suspect Republicans had nominated a authoritarian streak was most visible during the Republican convention in where he proclaimed himself the and order His wife brought ridicule to the ominous proceedings by a speech of while who did not endorse Trump in his revealed just how deep the rift had become with mainstream had the finest hours of her campaign in a week basking in the spotlight as the first female nominee and sharing the glow of stellar speakers such as the real and their two two chosen running mates Mike Pence and receded far into the distance in the face of such personalities. Only their debate was to provide a rare moment of normality during a trio of menacing encounters between Trump and Trump's former neighborhood vote for absolutely Read accusations that networks had given Trump too much unquestioning newspapers showed their investigative mettle. The New Times convincingly demonstrated how little tax Trump had paid in the and the Post unearthed the infamous recording of him bragging of grabbing women by their genitals. The Guardian revealed that these were not just hollow interviewing the first alleged victim who claimed he had done just that and foreshadowing a string of damaging sexual assault allegations. Internal Democratic campaign emails obtained by also created both heat and but the website was accused of aiding and abetting a hacking it was the that was to play the most controversial revealing at the 11th hour the existence of further emails found on the laptop of the disgraced husband of her confidante Some say the bureau was stung into action after allegations that Bill had sought to interfere in earlier investigations by meeting with US attorney general Lynch. including accused it of improper leaks. Insiders revealed a culture of distrust for in a one told the Guardian was akin to Just over a week director told congressional leaders the new emails not changed our that she committed no criminal of it compared with the shocking revelations that clouded Trump throughout. Some even wondered if he was going out of his way to sabotage a campaign that had only ever been intended to promote his business interests. But as he headed into the final days of the campaign almost drawing level with in the polls many Democrats worried whether the electorate had grown numbed to his outbursts. They have had to wait until election day to discover whether voters would reject the bombastic populism and embrace a Madam or opt to make history in another elections 
has been accused of hiding a service from its search results in a manner for almost a costing the service hundreds of thousands of pounds in lost provides encrypted email accounts for and has been one of the most popular services of that type since its launch in as reflected by its search the company says it was placed the first or second page of most queries including and the autumn of ranking from the first page to the by the following nowhere visible at all. throughout spring we worked in earnest to get in touch with the company says. created two tickets on their web report form explaining the situation. We even contacted president of strategic but received no response nor result of the collapse was growth rate dropping by a quarter for the affected something the company estimates cost it hundred thousand Swiss In the it tried going sending tweets to directly accusing the company of hiding from search We know is intentionally hiding from search results. Interested in talking before our data goes Even if it's not we have data that proves it's a major bug. All previous contact attempts have been seemed to sparking a reply from of I believe the complaint got in front of the right folks. Let me check to see what the latest a few informed us that they had without providing further details. The results could be immediately The site returned to the first page of where it has stayed ever potential cause of the collapse in ranking could be site moving from to Such transfers can cause the collected authority attributed to the site to be forcing site owners to start afresh. But regardless of the argues that the event demonstrated the existence of danger is that any service such as can easily be suppressed by either search or the governments that control those search it writes. can happen even across national borders. For even though is an it controls over of search episode illustrates that search risk is which is why we now agree with the Commission that given dominant position in more transparency and oversight is it declined to but confirmed to the Guardian that after report it was able to find and fix something affecting the search 
12 launches officially launches her bid for the presidency with a sleek video and a road trip to in her van. have come back from some pretty tough economic times. Our economy and our country are much better off because families have basically done whatever it took to make it work. But I think fair to say that as you look across the the deck is still stacked in favor of those already at the top. And something wrong with that. Twitter I want to be that Sanders launches his campaign and promises a revolution with your support and the support of millions of people throughout this we begin a political revolution to transform our country socially and environmentally. we stand here and say loudly and clearly is enough. This great nation and its government belong to all of the people and not to a handful of their Super and their lobbyists. Twitter What we need is a political Bush launches supported by governor the brother of former president W Bush and son of former president announces his bid for the presidency at a rally in with a massive war chest that promises to and Trump launches campaign by calling speech is long and memorable mostly for calling and criminals who bring drugs across the border. He did add that he assumes are good people. Pundits and political observers yet taking his candidacy odd grand escalator descent began a presidential bid that his critics believed go very far. Twitter see who has the last August first Republican debate gets tough with Republicans. Two debates. What could go The 10 candidates duked it out at the Fox but Trump stole the show. He lost his temper over grilling over his misogynistic commentary. He also proposed a wall with a and refused to rule out a bid if he win the nomination. one of the things people love about you is you speak your mind and you use a filter. that is not without its in when it comes to women. called women you like and a later Trump insinuates tough line of questioning was because she had coming out of her apologizes for her the New Times reported used a private email server back in early March of the former secretary of state makes her first formal apology on News. As I look back at it even though it was I should have used two accounts. That was a mistake. sorry about that. I take responsibility. Twitter Too late to Democratic debate in Las and Sanders puts in a strong dueling with Sanders on gun control and foreign policy. The senator from refuses to over her people are sick and tired of hearing about your damn he went to town on capitalism. Do I consider myself part of the casino capitalist process by which so few have so much and so many have so by which Wall greed and recklessness wrecked this I Twitter 22 survives the committee testifies before the committee for 11 hours. She faces questions over her role in failing to prevent an attack against US government facilities that led to the deaths of four survives the marathon grilling and fiery exchanges with Republican congressmen. She over the suggestion that she needs extra time to read her notes can do more than one thing at a campaign calls for a ban J Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of entering the United States until our representatives can figure out what is going on J. Trump put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred danger coming into our country. We must be 201519 third Democratic New Sanders apologizes to directly for staffers who accessed private voter data belonging to his campaign. Not only do I I want to apologize to my supporters. This is not the kind of campaign that we run. If I find anybody else involved in they will be fired. Twitter apology to the kind of campaign we sixth Republican debate. The battle over tries to knock Trump over his setting off a stream of defending the city and this Trump's New Yorkers value hard and building better lives for our families. accuses of being born in and therefore ineligible to run for president. issues challenging a birth is a favorite line of attack for Trump. 28 seventh Republican Trump is a cancels his appearance in after a feud with and Fox News. He holds an alternative event for veterans in the debate with the seven remaining Republican with fewer personal focuses on policy and caucuses. The first state to vote goes for and Sanders results end in a deals a blow to Trump with his win in campaign sends an email before the caucuses that hints at suspending his campaign. Trump fumes after his J. Trump on the fraud committed by Senator during the either a new election should take place or results wins the Democratic caucus in by the smallest margin recorded in to fifth Democratic New shows anger over suggestions that her campaign contributions were bought. If got something to say it but you will not find that I ever changed a view or a vote because of any donation I ever and I have stood up and I have represented my constituents to the best of my eighth Republican New Robot malfunctions under fire and repeats the same line three times. New Jersey Governor pounces. He instructs the audience to listen for the When it he points his finger at the it is. There it Glitch closing this notion that doesn't know what he's doing is knows exactly what he's exchange earns him the nickname Robot New primary. big selects Sanders and Trump by wide margins in a stunning rebuke of establishment tells an ecstatic Together we have sent a message that will resonate from Wall Street to ... that government belongs to all of the 13 ninth Republican South under the shadow of Justice the leading conservative voice on the supreme dies at a west throwing a wrench into the presidential debate begins with a tribute to the conservative justice but any consensus quickly evaporates and devolves into an brawl. Adults learn not to interrupt each other. Twitter Republican debate learn not to interrupt each Trump feuds with Pope pope questions on a visit to A person who thinks only about building wherever they may and not building is not has a quick response for the No especially a religious has the right to question another religion or During a later press the pope insists he did not mean to sway any with his Bush drops out after the South suspends his presidential campaign following a bruising loss in the South primary. proud of the campaign we won to unify our and to advocate conservative solutions ... But the people of New and South have 10th Republican Senators get under mocks him gleefully a number of You say the same thing every night ... going to make great winning in the lines around the every makes his own pointed jabs at I really find it amazing that believes that he is the one who discovered the issue of illegal immigration. I can tell when I ran for Senate here in the state of I ran promising to lead the fight against promising to fight to build a March Super It was a truly super night for and a little less so for Trump. Super track the votes state by state Read March 11th Republican Little big ... The debate kicks off with a boast by Trump about the size of his penis guarantee no He notes that had accused him of having small hands and had implied that penis was similarly small. Twitter Trump defends his manhood after March campaign manger accused of a reporter for the news site accuses Trump campaign manager of manhandling her when she attempted to ask the candidate a question. Trump accused her of it eventually resigns from becomes for a Trump rally in was called off amid scenes of March Super round two. and celebrate big while leaves the race after an embarrassing loss in his home state of gives a prescient concession speech The politics of resentment against other people will not just leave us a fractured party. They will leave us a fractured nation ... They are going to leave us as a nation where people literally hate each other because they have different political March women should be punished for Republican tells has to be some form of for women who have should the procedure become outlawed under a future conservative supreme court. He reverses his statement several hours Sanders heads to the to meet the says he was delighted to have met him. The wanting to steer clear of plays down the If someone thinks that greeting someone means getting involved in I recommend that he find a later reveals more to I conveyed to him my great admiration for the extraordinary work that he is doing all over the world in demanding that morality be part of our wins New circus came to but the New Yorkers reigned in their state. of and Trump of sweep the state and declare the primary races nearly finished. the race for the Democratic nomination is in the home stretch and victory is in from a ballroom in Midtown impossible to catch us. Nobody should take delegates and claim victory unless they get those delegates with voters and and going to happen. And you watch because the people going to stand for it. a crooked a system rigged and going to go back to the old called you vote and you Trump at Trump Trump blames the inspires were a I don't think she'd get of the 2016 If fighting for and paid family leave and is playing the then May and John suspend becomes the presumptive nominee after and lose in From the beginning said that I would continue on as long as there was a viable path to victory. Tonight sorry to say it appears that path has been in his concession May Trump crosses delegate Trump 20162 House speaker says he will vote for endorses Twitter formally endorses for react J. Trump just endorsed Crooked He wants four more years of nobody else account replies with her most post of the your account. 201620 Trump fires campaign manager Trump visits on the morning after the woke up to news of the vote and Trump. The Republican materialized on a fairway at his golf resort in on morning and hailed the decision to leave the They took back control of their no charges for director recommends no criminal charges against for her handling of classified information while she was secretary of state but rebukes her for being Sanders endorses Republican national wins the nomination to disbelief. refuses to endorse him and advises conservatives to your a rarity on the delivers a speech. revealed key graphs were lifted from speech in accepts the party knows the system better than which is why I alone can fix Twitter alone can fix Timothy A. Democratic national tears and history made. The Democratic convention was a tour force with major speeches from the first Bill and the parents of a Gold Star soldier. becomes the first woman to accept the nomination of a major party in the here as my and my so happy this day has She any barrier falls in for it clears the way for August Trump attacks Gold Star attacks and the parents of a soldier who was killed in August amendment could stop a rally in North after referencing picking of supreme court Trump hints at assassination. Twitter Trump suggests amendment could stop August separates from aide suspends marriage after return of scandal After long and painful consideration and work on my I have made the decision to separate from my husband. and I remain devoted to doing what is best for our who is the light of our August Trump meets with President goes to returns to make fiery speech in releases documents on were no major revelations in the email investigation. Trump uses the event for political calls half of Trump supporters bigoted You to just be grossly you could put half of supporters into what I call the basket of you name it. And there are people like that. And he has lifted them stumbles at memorial campaign admits she has pneumonia after she stumbles at memorial Trump walks back claims and her campaign of 2008 started the controversy. I finished it. I finished it. You know what I mean. President was born in the United period. Now we all want to go back to making strong First presidential New watched debate in with at least people tuning comes Trump not so much. She baited him with charges of sexism and tax avoidance and he took the bait every time. 3 New attorney general sends cease and desist letter to New Times reveals Trump could have avoided paying federal income tax for 18 years. The Trump Foundation must immediately cease soliciting contributions or engaging in any other activities in New the chief of the charities Trump describes sexual aggression on hot recording I better use some Tic just in case I start kissing her. You automatically attracted to beautiful women. I just start kissing them. like a magnet. You just kiss. I even wait. When a star they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab by the pussy. You can do Trump on 2005 Access Second presidential St gets ugly before the debate begins. Trump holds a press conference with women who have claimed inappropriate sexual contact with Bill He invites them to stay and watch the debate. The debate begins with no handshake and ended with each complimenting one another an audience Trump lurks behind He threatens to jail her if elected. And he denies that he had ever inappropriately touched women. holds her all things considered. 19 Third presidential Las third and final debate is a wild spectacle. Bad hombres. Nasty woman. A flawed reproductive lesson. The debate ends with Trump refusing to say whether concede the election if he loses. keep you in he reviews new emails related to alerts members of Congress to the existence of a new batch of emails had been discovered on laptop belonging to the estranged husband of longtime aide The discovery is made during a separate investigation by federal authorities looking into the communications between and a Queen Jay Z share a stage Twitter and Jay Z pledge their support for at a concert in Trump is rushed off the stage at a Lewis is video of the detained man being taken away. It happened minutes after Trump was rushed from stage. Video provided to me by witness. 20167 says there is no evidence of wrongdoing in Election elections 
Unmitigated grief and mourning at a fun park. Children bearing witness to things they should never even have to imagine. Fiction is rarely this hard to know where to begin contemplating the unimaginable circumstances surrounding the deaths of and Low at Dreamworld on world has gone wrote who lost a brother and sister in the accident in an email to The Project. Even the who we expect are more prepared for situations like this than seemed lost for police commissioner told along the line we anticipate tragedies that cause such loss of life in other circumstances But coming to a place where families want to come and enjoy each company and just have fun really equate to such a tragedy as in trying to understand the in which two children survived the went as far as invoking providence of Dreamworld company boss to donate bonus of to charity Read not surprising people look to the divine or supernatural in the absence of any discernible reason. For many people consolation in being able to find meaning in happened or at least to understand it as part of a much larger story especially when the alternative is apparently cruel happenstance. Tragedy has always been a subject humans have sought to understand and explain. For the Ancient the victims of tragedy were guilty of a fatal flaw that explained their circumstances. For Stoics in the West and a number of mystic traditions in the detachment from the physical world frees us from feeling tragedy. Regardless of the merits of they can serve as a smokescreen to a simpler and more uncomfortable point. Each of us is vulnerable to unfathomably bad luck beyond our imagining or to some we are in the hands of a fate which always kind. Being made aware of this can be nauseating. the inherent risk and unpredictability in so much of what we do can encourage us to batten down the hatches and ensure those we love are safe from the of chance. Ironside gave voice to this instinct earlier in the could anyone ever have the confidence to go on a theme park ride a fair though if applied consistently it would also lead us to abandon other activities like getting behind the wheel of a car. Tragedy makes us aware and afraid of risks we usually pay no attention to to feel the fear and act anyway demands courage. It requires us to accept our vulnerability. It seems clichd to suggest we need to in response to events like but if anything to be learned from Ardent response over the last couple of that seeking to retain total control of our circumstances can have calamitous consequences. By seeking to back to as Chairman the business response has been to regain a level of normality of control. return the four he said although really the point. Like each of the company needed to accept vulnerability and a lack of control. The best crisis management always puts the victims legalistic or responses rarely end well. guarded responses may provide the illusion of control but they also appear insensitive and out of which is probably a misrepresentation of both their intended message and their actual emotions at the moment. our limited control blind us to the things within our power. We entirely passive to circumstances. We have a moral obligation to do everything within reason to tragedies like this. Justice requires us to see if what happened could have been Was the maintenance up to Were staff members adequately Could anything have been done to avoid what These are things Dreamworld does have control over and responsibility so both necessary and appropriate to see whether their procedures were alive to that responsibility and to hold any failures to tragedy what we know so far Read investigations like this take time and justice also requires us to be responsive to not speculation. Tragedies like this touch each of us because at their core they remind us of our own vulnerability and at which point our always at its worth being careful our pursuit of justice become a quest for feelings of security and control by setting up false scapegoats for our collective anger and mourning. Discussions of corporate bonuses based on financial performances for a financial year long passed might be a false flag. As difficult as it the pain and sorrow many of us are feeling needs to be directed to appropriate outlet. Hold your loved ones mourn but in assigning blame we have an obligation to be patient. In his email to The asked us to refrain from pointing any noting have a lot of work to To do so in the face of such abject personal tragedy is nothing short of heroic on part. If he can do maybe we can too. 
The morning after election day was supposed to be one of reckoning for Republicans battered by internal strife over their unpopular it was the Democrats who awoke to a harrowing new world. stunning defeat on left the party leaderless and opened a struggle for Democratic establishment had their chance with this a of the Progressive Change Campaign said in a statement. time for new leadership of the Democratic Party more and more ideological that is hungry to do things like leading a movement instead of dragging people to the leader attacks campaign for taking vote for granted Read the liberal wing is climbing from the angry at the running of an establishment candidate in a year when the electorate clearly wanted change. In cities around the thousands of young people have taken to the streets to protest the the scenes of Democratic unity and and two Warren and campaigning on behalf of contrasted with top Republicans disavowing their nominee. Such could not hide deep divisions in the cracks were there to from unexpectedly strong primary challenge to protests at the convention in in and the removal on its eve of the first test lies in the selection of a new chair of the Democratic National the position filled by and On former governor Dean put himself forward for a second spell. On former governor Martin unsuccessful in his run for the presidential said he was a hard at the position. Twitter Martin name that seems to resonate most among is that of a representative from Sanders has endorsed the leader of the Congressional Progressive Caucus. a liberal firebrand from said on he would make a a conference call said he was prepared to help the party rebuild and would announce his decision on whether to run on shoelaces are tied up tight and ready to get out on that said on the which was hosted by Democracy for a progressive group founded by Dean. On Dean severed ties with the who is and the first member of would be a symbolic choice to lead the party under a Trump administration. Had she would have nominated likely from her to replace who will serve until a new chair is elected in March stepped down after hacked emails revealed that party officials had explored ways to hamper Sanders in the primaries. Another tranche of hacked emails revealed that working for had shared a debate question with sun will keep rising and keep Twitter Why elected control of the White House or either chamber of Democrats must protect gains made under while trying to advance their do not control the tools of but make no we know what we stand Warren said in a speech at the union on sun will keep rising and we will keep fail us. We failed Read laid out issues on which Democrats might be able to work with President including reforming international trade policy. Already the administration has backed away from the Partnership trade a win for progressives and Trump. Other possible areas of compromise include infrastructure tackling college and childcare costs and protecting social secretary of labor under Bill said liberals needed to form a to combat policies that would beat back equal is not said on the conference call. angrier we are and the more activated and directional the more we can channel that anger into real constructive change and blocking things that are so much the has argued for some time that the Democratic party has lost touch with working class voters it one represented. Exit polls suggest Trump won among white working class voters who supported in 2008 and 2012. said Democrats had to repair relations with the white working class but also embrace the minorities and single added that it was also the job to oppose do have to fight bigotry in all its he said. kind of bigotry that has been unleashed by this by giving permission to that kind of bigotry is something got to be alert to and got to 
Two things that happened on morning. the world woke up to the reality of a Trump victory in the US presidential election. a group of undergraduate humanities students handed in essays for a module teaching at the University of will mean for Read former for the end of a and uniquely unsettling political process. The latter marked the end of my own within the small sphere of my professional life. It was a campaign to see my students produce structured arguments using the careful of and adherence to the measured discourse characteristic of scholarly essay was on the topic of social cohesion and religious slippery and emotive subjects so clarity of expression was of paramount importance. I answered dozens of email commented on and held meetings with every student that I was there any If the rhetoric of campaign is translated into some kind of there may be many victims respect for the rights of racial and religious an entire world facing environmental degradation. The population of several nations the for example may find themselves trying to decode the implications of opaque foreign policy real as I sit with a stack of essays in front of the victim whose pain I feel for most immediately is the practice of reasoned argument issued by the Trump campaign saw no need to uphold any requirements to make sense or be based on evidence. Consider the assertions of widespread the case of claims of celebrating in New the idea to extract Middle Eastern oil as recompense for US military the theory that climate change was secretly invented by the for economic or that would willingly pay for a border ask for Trump University trial to be delayed until next year Read and an array of were credible within the own inner logic because the criteria for credibility did not include a basis in reality or even coherence. Under the banner Great the type of argumentation I have been demanding of my students became we have recently been in similar territory ourselves. The referendum featured false claims regarding the cost of of the migration chaos that would follow supposedly inevitable and imminent shady that our unelected monarch disliked the and wholesale dismissal of intangible nature of what would actually entail revealed itself in conveniently vacuous slogans such as Back simply means The Remain campaign did sometimes try to conjure compelling stories of but they ultimately failed to respect the manner in which the game was being played. Leave donor and campaigner Banks Remain campaign featured fact. It just work. You have got to connect with people emotionally. the Trump and educators have we been getting things hopelessly if one of my students writes cohesion means social in this latest I should put a hearty tick in the footnotes and bibliographies be dismissed as elitist Perhaps we should be training our students in the art of constructing compelling founded on Or forceful slogans that combine emotive power with a strategic absence of we aspire to educate policymakers of the are these not the skills demanded by our For a might the subtle art of articulating effectual nonsense be preferable to the ineffectual tools of Twitter What will be the first actions Trump takes as any academic this should of no less than a vision of hell. But with 2016 and its strangest of political such visions might drift across our alternative vision is a world in which a renewed sense of asserts itself. That a situation in which it is that ignoring and critical arguments does have consequences. Getting just anyone to fix your plumbing leads to leaks. Ignoring experts in international relations leads to wars. dentistry leads to painful Dismissing the predictions of climate scientists increases the potential for disaster. Saying simply means means nothing at all. This vision must be clung to with determination. Even in the short holding on to these principles is actually a bit annoying because if they need critical argument these essays would be a lot quicker to the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education and 
The suburban home studio of the artist widely considered a pioneer of Op Art and Kinetic is a circus of sometimes anarchic delights. In one of a series of rooms surrounding an overgrown the motorized come to life when a switch is and their rotating arms and reflective metal ribbons refract light into patterns on the wall. mirrored sculptures from his series produce disorienting optical illusions as a viewer moves around while the installations in yet another room create effects of shifting color. have never really been viewed as an said who communicates exclusively in and create different experiences and I do about form and space and light. What I do is very different from an artist who wants to create his artworks as unique Based in since is one of foremost proponents of Kinetic which he discovered while a student at the in through the work of the artist Victor Although won the Golden Lion award in painting at the 1966 and has had exhibitions in major institutions around the including Serpentine Gallery in and the in he is little known to audiences. That is changing this month with New gallery shows at and followed by his solo museum exhibition in the United starting at the Art Museum or The Into has been organized to coincide with Art and includes over 100 artworks spanning 60 years. the show is a set of experiences that follow one said in an interview at his wearing a blue lab coat and scrub pants on a in an ensemble of and experimentations for the visitor to The curator of the show in has written extensively on emphasizing the importance of his often overlooked contributions to art history. Other experts in his work echo her and say the new attention in North to his work is reflective of an increasing openness to global cultures. is having a real the director of the Museum and Sculpture Garden in which has several of his works in its said in an email. part of the current of art history to include voices other than the two or three we find in historical The son of a train was born in the city of As a he he was fascinated by the way things breaking open his toy cars to inspect their gears and even making toys from strips of iron and cans. While at art school in the he was intrigued by the participatory possibilities of Op Art and Kinetic then nascent movements in and a 1958 grant from the Cultural Service brought him to where he immediately made connections with other artists including and Along with fellow members of the collective he founded there in Arts Research took to the streets with public subversive games and politically charged questionnaires and all intended to engage spectators. His Op and Kinetic which he began to develop in the took on a similarly political dimension by appealing to viewers to interact with thus calling the individual to action. was working along with many of the other Kinetic artists in at that and he believed in art for the people and for the public Ms. said in a telephone interview from New wanted to make work that encouraged people to pay attention to their immediate and then in turn to pay attention to the larger social and political world around Despite the playfulness and material simplicity of she he has always had a seeking ultimately to the artistic rather than define his practice by a single style or describes it as a series of continuing or that frame art as a social playing down the notion of the individual creator. influence can be seen in the socially engaged work of artists as diverse as and Gad of Serpentine who organized show there in 2014 and wrote the accompanying said by email that the work was relevant as it to a turbulent world where the lights of his installations become a metaphor for the fireworks of activism and unstable contexts of our current Still active in his regularly revisits his and occasionally or enlarges certain pieces. Although he does not use preferring to make sketches and then experiment with he is a Ms. said. balked at showing work in that is not at its highest level of so every mirror piece has to be just as reflective as it was in she explaining that insists on replacing any materials that have dulled with time. The show at is organized by beginning with geometric and color studies from 1958. It will also include more recent such as the gargantuan a glistening ball made of red plastic squares hung individually from the ceiling. One room will be devoted to the interactive games began developing around many of which evoke arcade or carnival amusements. Strolling around his pointed to a work from Resembling a modular it spanned the length of the wall with 11 each one featuring a different arrangement of motors and materials. ahead and play with he indicating a console with numerous buttons. Each button activated the contents of a single which vibrated or rotated in place to create an improvised score of sound and movement. all make different said. might see one thing in but every person has permission to see whatever they
I will keep made her first public appearance last night since conceding the presidential election to Trump. told the crowd at the Defense Fund gala in to continue to fight for a country that is inclusive and had been scheduled before her defeat to speak at the gala of the charity where she started her career more than 40 years and decided to honor her despite sometimes wanting to up with a good book or our dogs and never leave the house ever have been times when I wanted never to leave the house Twitter give in first public appearance since brace themselves for President across the US are grappling with a new reality since amid fears for what their future could hold. The number of hate crimes has spiked since last with many assailants citing Trump or his slogans in their attacks. The Southern Poverty Law Center had recorded 437 incidents as of with a particular and reports of women allegedly having their ripped being pushed or verbally abused. One woman in Arbor told police a man forced her to remove her after threatening to set her on fire. During the Trump threatened to ban from entering the increase surveillance at and flirted with the idea of establishing a database. are now bracing themselves to see which of these ideas the will follow through in realities of presidency begin to sink to be on climate at climate talks in vice foreign minister urged Trump to make a on climate change. Trump is the first open climate denier to lead one of the top emitters. He tweeted in 2012 that the of global warming was created by and for the in order to make US manufacturing and later called it expensive vice foreign said that he expects Trump to make the right and smart decision by living up to the climate agreement. Trump has vowed to walk away from the agreement and strip carbon reducing regulations in the while boosting coal change a gives Trump a lesson in passes baton to victory has left chancellor as the lonely standard bearer for liberal with landing in for a symbolic passing of the torch. gave perhaps the most subdued response of all foreign leaders following offering conditional support only on the basis of shared values. As she gears up for an election next she also faces threats from populist movements in her own country but nothing that poses a serious threat. Meanwhile world leaders will closely watch meeting with Trump in New on for tips on how to handle the unpredictable daunted by great expectations as passes baton to for Trump Many were surprised to learn that the majority of white women voted for Trump and helped him to victory. Trump won of white despite many onlookers predicting women would be repulsed by a recording of Trump bragging about making unwanted sexual advances on and enthused by the prospect of electing the first female president. The Guardian spoke with women who voted for who explained that economics and dislike for meant they were willing to overlook you be a feminist and vote for you the fearless has needed fearless independent media more. Help us hold the new president to sort fact from amplify underrepresented and understand the forces behind this divisive election and what happens next. Support the Guardian by becoming a member or making a blocked discrimination professor was surprised to learn his account had been blocked when trying to research racial discrimination on the site. Emails revealed account was suspended for creating test accounts to test racial discrimination on the site. His account was reinstated after the Guardian contacted Earlier this year users shared stores of discrimination on the site using the blocked discrimination researcher over multiple and win Young of the Red has won the Young award by a narrow margin and Max of the Nationals has taken the prize. led the majors with 22 and beat out and in results announced on Max Rick win Young case you missed estate has filed a lawsuit over how much of his estate can be streamed on Jay Tidal streaming service. Tidal originally negotiated exclusive streaming rights to music in but now his estate claims that the company exploiting many copyrighted Prince estate sues Jay Tidal over streaming rights to the pop US 
scored 120 goals for in the Premier League. Who is the only player to have scored Fowler Fowler scored 128 in 266 league games. made 504 appearances in the Premier League putting him joint 10th on the list with which other and made more appearances in the league. Frank needs to finish on the podium at the Grand to win the title. competes under the flag now but which country did he also represent in his younger and was born in to a father and mother. He now lives in If Lewis wins the it will be his third title in a row. Who is the only racer to have won five in a Senna won a record seven in 1994 and 1995 plus the five in a row from 2000 to 2004. Why has the Conservative Party politician been by fellow members of the He was caught wearing a Rangers shirt below his suit in parliament He tweeted Joey and called him a He missed a meeting as he was working as an assistant referee in a Champions League match ran the line in the match between Sporting and Real in It was a big game but his fellow was arrogance and blatant disrespect of is simply staggering. Last time the whistle was blown on one of his refereeing junkets the claimed it was just a But he's at it again and this time it should be a straight red He was spotted at the v match when he had called in sick for work won the 2016 World Tour Finals in on to consolidate his place as world in front of Who is world Roger is yet to win a grand slam. Who admitted that he is taking career advice from the not my last tournament until God puts his foot down. He is the boss and I want to take liberties with Button have conversations with God and he said to snooker in better off as a and I was we will have to have a proper conversation about scored his 248th goal for United against to move closer to Bobby club record of 249. Which player is third on that list with 237 Best Law Law also scored 30 goals for City. Mark How did two United fans try to sneak their way into the match against Arsenal on They turned up at the ground on morning in stewards outfits They came dressed as saying they had to fix the floodlights They pretended to be a visiting delegate from Mister the club's Snack They took a stadium tour on and slept out in the ground overnight A club spokesman people will go to any lengths to watch a game at Old but these people went too England play at on on the back of 12 straight victories. Who were the last team to beat them thumped them 33-13 in the World Cup if England can beat and in the next two they will have achieved a record in 2016. Wales You your friends Share on Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on Share on Share on Share on Share on Messenger Close Submit quiz of the 
Brought to the United States from as a was among the first young undocumented immigrants to be protected from deportation under a program President set up in 2012 by executive action. Since then now has put himself through college and is training to be an drafting blueprints at a firm. But with the election of J. Trump as and 750,000 other immigrants in the who came to the United States as have been swept up in a wave of worried about losing the progress they have made and being forced back underground or even deported. Trump has promised to executive actions on including the youth initiative. With deep roots in the United and with many supporters in civil rights universities and city governments already mobilizing to shield many who came here as youths said they were prepared to fight efforts to end the program or expel them from the country. have been here for 27 and I am not going in between strategy sessions at a gathering place in where immigrants planned moves to resist. Young who call themselves are already protesting at many and they have called for a march from New to starting They are pressing universities and employers to organize to defend the program and are making plans for havens on campuses and in churches. Canceling the program is one move Trump could make to satisfy his who reject executive actions as illegal amnesties and examples of presidential overreach. A larger program for undocumented parents of citizens and legal residents was halted this year by the Supreme Court. Among and the called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals or is very the only gain that has achieved for undocumented immigrants. Most young people in the program are and organizations place a priority on protecting said the president of the a conservative advocacy organization. kids are going to be exposed if is rescinded and so said. should be keeping families not tearing them Trump has not provided details of his plans and his transition team did not respond to emails requesting comment. But the program was set up through policy guidelines written by the secretary of Homeland Security at the there is not even a formal presidential order so it can be terminated with a stroke of a new pen. Immigrants are taking Trump at his word when he said he would eliminate the He has selected Senator Sessions of a Republican who is one of its most vigorous as attorney general. Another Trump the Republican secretary of state of brought a federal lawsuit against the program in it did not succeed. pledges are chilling for the immigrants because when they signed up to the they provided identity information including the names of their home utility bills and school transcripts to United States Citizenship and Immigration Services. The authorities deferred any action to deport them and gave them renewable work but no official immigration status. Administration officials said the citizenship agency could be asked to turn over that information to Homeland Security enforcement who could track down the immigrants to deport them or their parents. Trump could also take a less harsh approach by allowing existing work permits to lapse and not approving new but not initiating deportations. Advocacy groups have been inundated with calls from people afraid or despondent. a said he had vacillated from fear to sadness to denial. In 2012 the son of undocumented immigrants who spent their lives working graduated from State University with a degree in business finance. He applied that year for never stopping to worry about offering the government details about his life. Now he works as a financial consultant and a small income tax firm. first thought I had is that I have done everything right and it is all going to be taken away from he said of his fears for the future of the program. feels a little bit like a betrayal. been here since I was 4 years old. an a legal was brought to from when she was 1 year old. As a student at State she worked at a store to pay her tuition. She applied for the program to get her worried that one missed stop sign could send her to jail and a prospect she could not face with two children. Now she has a a car and a home in a suburb she bought with her savings. feels like a step to be back in this insecure place where you know what the next step might she her voice breaking with tears. She has tried not to cry in front of her children and to assure them that she is safe. Last appealed to Trump think long and before scrapping the program. Dick of the Senate said on the floor and on Twitter that he would do in my to save the program and protect who have stepped forward to to the country. Rights groups have been encouraging immigrants up for renewal on the program to reapply quickly. But they are generally urging newcomers not to apply. risk for everyone feels much larger than the potential benefit right said the legal director of the Central Resource a nonprofit legal aid organization in Groups are pressing the administration to speed up approvals to eliminate any backlogs before Trump takes office. On three House including Representative V. of asked to issue a pardon to immigrants in the program. But White House officials said the president did not have the authority for a pardon that would provide lasting protection. If their work permits are canceled or immigrants could face cascading consequences losing professional certificates and the chance to pay tuition for college. The impact would vary by state. In places like home to half of all recipients and New additional protections are enshrined in laws. But in the South and where there are fewer might find they really stand out and are said a professor who has studied young people in the program. Yet there were signs that young who have been battling for a legal foothold in the United States for more than a would not go back underground quietly. United We a national organization of young said it would work with a voter mobilization to encourage colleges to create havens for students who become undocumented once again. At the University of students organized a walkout on and are working with local activists to designate the city as a sanctuary for undocumented immigrants. in recalled that a decade ago he was afraid to confess his undocumented status to other students or have his photograph published in a newspaper. you really think we are going back in he asked. am going to be kicking and
It is common for employers keen to promote a modern workplace culture to offer some degree of flexible working. This could be for parents who leave the office early to make the school those faced with lengthy or employees who simply wish to stay home accessing emails from the coffee table rather than their benefits are numerous. There is no morning meaning diligent workers who choose not to spend extra time in bed can begin their working days earlier and finish and there are fewer office distractions. Home workers said they felt isolated and studies of the effectiveness of workers showed remote employees were more effective in their roles than staff. One reason quite gratitude. Staff were so keen to prove the merit in home working that they consciously worked harder and producing better results for their what happens when gratitude runs 4.2 million employees work from according to the Trades Union Congress. Thanks to the promotion of a better balance and increasingly connected technology it is no longer unreasonable for employees to ask or a degree of research a study of more than 500 staff and managers on attitudes towards flexible working attempted to discover whether these positive effects have results revealed that after a prolonged period of remote employees no longer viewed working from home as a privilege and therefore behaved no differently to producing similar results. In some employees began to towards their employers as they felt they were not supported from although also brings added expense for employees. Greater use of lighting and heating pushes utility bills up something colleagues do not have to consider. Remote workers may also feel that home working brings significant savings for which should be shared with from additional financial remote workers craved professional support as well. Home workers had less communication with office limited interactions over found it harder to integrate with staff at the office. Reduced limited communication and a lack of opportunities for knowledge sharing stunted their professional from the five golden rules Read isolation faded company loyalties to the point where remote workers were almost free agents a worrying prospect for any employer looking to retain top staff. Not only was it difficult to convince remote workers to come into the but the breakdown of relationships often caused employers to resent their remote feeling that they were taking liberties and were not dedicated enough to the director of consulting and innovation at has experienced this breakdown flexible working in a manner that best suits lifestyles is the norm now for a vast number of he says. majority of the workforce now goes so far as to expect access to more flexible options. it can be detrimental to the business if an employer or even other members of staff fall into the trap of viewing those making this choice as Many companies lack the structure to manage remote workers effectively here are three tips to help flexible working without actively managing the arrangement is a huge problem for many companies. Some remote workers operate without little communication and no training. Companies should set flexible working policies at the beginning of the employment contract and review practices regularly with employees to ensure mutual understanding and and to foster wider home workers may prefer to have less contact with but this can be detrimental to team cohesion and affect both company compliance and productivity. A communications strategy should be employed from the outset and followed. Regular and video conferencing can help bridge the gap between home and and keep remote staff integral to the support for workers can prevent ill will. from all sides is essential for this. Establishing opportunities for employees to give feedback on working practices and suggest areas for improvement can give workers a sense of control over their roles. Tipper individuals are just as valuable and the responsibility of employers to ensure they feel like they are part of the even if they physically in the flexible working it is vital for employers to be better equipped to manage remote staff. If companies expect home workers to be more or if workers expect greater levels of flexibility or support without either party or both could be left for a Browse Guardian Jobs or sign up to Guardian Careers for the latest job vacancies and career at 
Just a week to go. The overwhelming sense I get from people here in is that they just want it to be over. Their impatience just election fatigue feels like a kind of nervous exhaustion brought on by the clear fragility of the whole enterprise formerly known as democracy. But the other thing since the email leaks on is that Democrat supporters are abandoning the notion that victory will be a formality and are now trying to get their heads around the possibility of a Trump victory. With all the drama and hoopla possible to lose sight of the fact that after eight years of may now be set for another milestone with the election of its first female president. The fact that it has achieved this later than many other western amid a campaign seeped in misogyny and should not detract from the fact that it is happening. So this week I asked women in how they felt about the chance that might become president. The town is divided racially and by party on the matter but the bottom line seems to be that many will vote for her even if only a few are enthused by her. Some loathe her but including those who are not with are angry that being judged by a double standard and believe that this speaks to a broader problem in can catch up on the project in full send us your thoughts or recommendations here and get involved on The view from 
The US election might not end tomorrow. Anyone who lived through the of when it took until for a winner to be declared and only then by a ruling of the supreme court will know that a presidential contest does not always produce a at least not right away. But one thing will certainly be over and that is the sometimes saga that has been the 2016 is standard to describe a US presidential contest as bitter and divisive. In the story branded the battle of v Mitt of the most closely fought and in recent Looking that race looks like a veritable philosophy exemplary in its civility and compared with this one. Twitter search for successor has been a horror show of bullying and the bigotry. a crowded the 2016 campaign stands out as unusually awful. it has been whether followed from a distance or covered up close. Those who say it has unfolded like a drama in real time are not exaggerating. Except no drama would have dared offer this cast of characters a tycoon with a crush on a an investigated for an underage a former Miss Universe humiliated as or the reversals of fortune. Campaign 2016 has made House of Cards look that cannot conceal the the search for successor has been a horror revealing and dredging up a stew of misogyny and casual violence bubbling below the surface of life. Eight in 10 US voters say the campaign has left them feeling according to a Times poll last week. Not dissatisfied. . The platonic ideal of an election is a sober discussion of the questions that will confront the US over the next decade. The reality has been a marathon of threat and Trump poses the greatest threat to all our futures Letters Read blame for this belongs to one man. Trump has fought a presidential campaign like no other. He has mocked opponents for their belittled disparaged war damned ethnic and other minorities in bigoted jeered at disabled beaten his chest with bellicose promises of violence that would trample on the US constitution and trigger a third world and told dozens and dozens of lies every day. While his opponent has offered detailed and substantive policy those have barely got a knack for hogging media usually by saying or tweeting something has left no room. In the hours of formal presidential debates between Trump and climate change was discussed for not one Trump does not bear the blame alone. Also shamed by the 2016 campaign are those institutions and individuals who failed to stand up to him. Some understood the danger he seeing in him a dictator alone can fix whose contempt for basic democratic from the importance of a free press to the need to respect the outcome of a democratic suggested a lurch towards fascism. That small handful will be remembered with admiration. whatever the outcome historians of the republic will judge harshly those who did not stop Trump when they could. It will damn those who pampered and enabled him to reach this where polls still show him with a albeit to the White House. Twitter Bush was among the Republican rivals who had no idea how to deal with Trump. in this of shame is the Republican party. Among those hanging their heads should be the 16 rival candidates who allowed themselves to be steamrollered by a reality host and serially bankrupted businessman. and the others had no idea how to deal with Trump. They collectively made a strategic error by failing to their primary task was to take him out. they fought each each hoping to emerge as the candidate around whom Republicans would unite. That proved a poll lead increased in late 2015 and early his rivals grew ever more frightened of taking a shot at anxious that they might alienate his supporters that he might train his fire back on them. So mocked on a debate stage in New in Trump could literally step back and watch only to emerge as the winner in that Republican primary a few days later. Twitter Trump rival and New Jersey governor the Republicans cannot be blamed for the weakness of the field that fought Trump for their nomination. Perhaps no traditional politician no senator or governor could take on Trump when the Republican so furious at the political were hungering for an outsider. of this this loathing of all things was itself stoked for years by Republicans and their allies on Fox News and in the rest of the conservative complex. In losing their party to the Republicans were burned by a fire they themselves had what shames them is their conduct afterwards. Even as Trump made clear what kind of man he is calling suggesting are too lazy to that see everything through the lens of calling women and threatening violence against endorsing torture and the murder of the families of suspected calling for a foreign power to hack into emails belonging to his political arguing that women who have abortions should some sort of and being exposed as a proud perpetrator of sexual a man whose approach to women is to them by the even after all this and so much most senior Republicans of note stood by be they condemned him when the extremity of their standard left them no alternative. who serves as speaker of the House of rightly called it the definition of a racist when Trump said that Judge could not be impartial in handling the lawsuit against the Trump University because was In the judge was a US born in Trump after the release of the Access tape in which Trump boasted of his attacks on women. But he never repudiated him fully. never said Trump was unfit to be president of the United States and that he would not vote for him. Twitter Senator John initially endorsed Trump. J. same was nearly true of Senator John tortured for five and a half years in a cell and yet derided as a by Trump said he preferred those who were not swallowed along with promise to ban and to deport 11 million undocumented migrants only withdrawing his endorsement last after the notorious like most of his fellow clung to the fiction that Trump would transform himself into a new presidential above capable of being tamed by the Republican establishment even though there was not a shred of bar a very occasional willingness on the part to read prepared lines from a to support that puts them on a moral plane only slightly above that occupied by trio of and Newt Those three horsemen of the Republican apocalypse conspired in the lie that a salesman was fit to be president and destroyed what remained of their reputations in the process. As pointed used to prosecute In this he praised failure to pay income tax for at least two decades as evidence of his that is to omit the fourth Mike the defender of family values who has served as the running mate of a serially grabber of women. When the 2005 tape Pence went into seclusion. Some thought he might emerge to announce he was quitting the Republican ticket. He did no such thing. he examined his found it pristine and continued to act as a character witness to a man who cheats his cheats on his wives and lies every time he opens his mouth. Twitter Trump and Mike Pence campaign together In Chip easy to attack the spineless of the Republican party. Easy but incomplete. a rule of political combat that no one attacks the voters a rule unwisely broke when she deployed an odd metaphor to describe half of supporters as a of But that rule only applies to candidates for office. Any truthful assessment of a campaign has at least to include those doing the blame surely attaches to the who let Trump keep up the bullying and the bigotry and voted for him anyway. There is no escaping the fact that north of of the US electorate have been prepared to vote for Trump despite everything that he has said and done. One poll found of own supporters believed he would start a nuclear war. They thought but were prepared to vote for him anyway. None of them will be able to among that group are evangelical people who used to say that character that the personal conduct of a candidate was crucial. Five years only of white evangelicals believed that a person guilty of personal could behave ethically in a public role. Now that figure stands at a remarkably rapid shift. It means people of supposedly deep moral convictions have been prepared to junk those beliefs just to accommodate Trump. Twitter The a Republican presidential rally in Mobile via they will have had their reasons for many an loathing of a hatred so deep it blocks or at least copious flaws. Analysts have not been sure how to explain the other motives. Some have been compassionate and highlighted the role of economic disadvantage among Trump those left behind by Others have suggested that is a howl of often misogynistic rage from angry white furious that their place in life has been supplanted. The latter camp has taken to sharing pictures or reports of overt racism and sexism by Trump supporters with the sarcastic debate has been thoroughly aired in parts of the the media and especially shares some responsibility for the dire state of the 2016 campaign. true that the most respectable newspapers and reporters kept tabs on prodigious one correspondent tweeted out a daily often stretching into the dozens. Others maintained diligent the big picture was indulgence on an epic scale. For Trump had unique and unprecedented access to the airwaves of cable Rather than wait to be booked for a he would simply call up Fox or and put himself on the air. He knew he was ratings he knew the networks would not be able to say no. He had a similarly reptilian understanding of the addiction to his nocturnal tweeting habit spread and insult far and wide but it ensured he remained at the of public attention for over a year. According to the media analyst Jack the only subject ever to have enjoyed a comparable dominance is that quantitative imbalance was not the only distortion. The media clung to its notion that balance required so that if Trump wallowed in requiring constant then had to be treated as equally dishonest. Witness the morning anchor widely pilloried for a in which he let Trump say much of it but played with especially over her emails. the enduring face of media indulgence of Trump will be that of host Jimmy playfully ruffling the hair of the real estate magnate treating him as just another lovable Twitter The moment when host Jimmy ruffled hair the indulgence of was this mindset more misleading than in the discussion of those especially in the final stretch. Which brings us to the role of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in its His decision to announce 10 days before election day that he in reopening the probe into the email affair handed the last week of the campaign to Trump. It put on the halted her momentum and stopped the bleeding in Team Trump. Many analysts believe by bringing Republican voters back home to the it will also prevent Democrats retaking the senate. Twitter director takes his place in the hall of shame. all that on what turned out to be an entirely false premise. On had to admit that the cache of supposedly new emails in nothing of the sort and that there were no grounds to alter his view that should face no further action. But by then the damage had been done. Whether through partisan bias or sheer we do not yet fully takes his place in the hall of shame of the 2016 shuffling into the group photo alongside who might as well have handed over his operation to the Trump campaign. kept up a drip feed of leaked emails from the many of them none devastating while conspicuously leaking nothing that might damage the Republican nominee. never produced tax returns or the outtakes from The Apprentice said to contain yet more evidence that Trump is a bigot and sexual predator. It targeted alone. Twitter operation kept up a drip feed of leaked emails from the while leaking nothing that might damage Trump. Ken there should be room in that photo for whose intelligence agencies are believed to be behind the wholesale hacking of the Democratic and whose goal appears to have been either the installation of Trump failing the sowing of confusion and chaos in the US electoral system. believe is saving his greatest attack till fearing he will hack the electronic voting system used in several key US thereby casting doubt on the validity of the The New Times deserves great praise for keeping the spotlight on Trump by exposing his of who would stand on the other Who should win a medal for their service in this bloody will be remembered for giving two of the best speeches of recent one at the Democratic the other lambasting Trump for his misogyny. The old media behemoths of the New Times and Post deserve great praise for keeping the spotlight on the former by exposing his of the latter for the work of who got the scoop on the tape and who kept digging at exaggerated claims of charitable giving. The comedians of Night Live deserve a especially for which captured the meandering emptiness of Trump. Daily Show alumni John Oliver and Bee also did their bit and did it well. Twitter The Daily Bee. who can hold their heads are the conservatives who put country before party. The Bush family could have gone further officially backing but their refusal to endorse Trump does something to redeem the reputation. Newspapers such as the Republic or the Morning News broke with their and their to endorse a Democrat rather than back someone they saw as unfit. The backlash was staff at the paper received death threats. Individuals including senators Flake and and former Bush made a similar choice. Twitter powerful rebuke against Trump and his treatment of all understood what their fellow Republicans did not. That Trump was not just this party to be shown due loyalty. That he a menace to the someone ready to violate the norms that underpin democracy and that nearly half the country was ready to vote for him. This campaign is almost over. But the dangers it has revealed will not elections 
The potential for conflicts of interest between J. Trump and his business ventures emerged again when a photograph was distributed that showed his daughter at a meeting between Trump and the prime minister of Japan. News reporters were not allowed to attend the first with a foreign head of and no summary was provided about what was discussed. A separate photograph was distributed press photographers were not allowed to cover the event showing that Ms. was present for at least part of the gathering. Prime Minister of Japan said after the meeting that he had a candid with Trump. He did not discuss who else attended the gathering or elaborate on the topics discussed. Ms. Trump will be among the members of the family who will be placed in charge of business which include an international chain of hotels with operations in and North She serves as vice president for development and acquisitions at the Trump and the website says one of her focuses has been to bring the Trump Hotel brand to global She also owns a jewelry Trump Fine with the Trump Organization describing her as of the most recognized and influential young businesswomen After transition office was asked by The New Times about allowing Ms. Trump to attend the meeting with the prime an individual close to the who said she did not have authorization to provide her hinted that Ms. Trump would not be attending meetings like this in the future. Trump has always encouraged and his children to attend meetings with the person close to the family said. meeting in question was very informal. they obviously need to adjust to the new realities at which they This Ms. jewelry company sent out a notice to reporters with a photograph of her wearing a gold bangle bracelet that she had worn during an interview her family did with trying to use the appearance as an opportunity to sell more items. find attached a style alert of wearing her favorite bangle from the Metropolis Collection over the weekend on 60 the vice president for sales at Trump Fine said in the email. the president of Trump Fine apologized for the promotion of Ms. bracelet after the attributing it to marketing Ms. are discussing new policies and procedures with all of our partners going Ms. presence also disturbed some current and former State Department including who left the department in after serving as a deputy assistant secretary of state for public affairs. Anyone present for such a conversation between two heads of state at a have security Ms. and should also be an expert in affairs. of two heads of state is never an informal Ms. said. a casual mention or a nod of agreement or an assertion left unchallenged can be interpreted in different of the Project on Government Oversight said that regardless of what was discussed at the it was inappropriate for Ms. Trump to be present at a private meeting among such a small group of people given that she is an executive at a corporation involved in international business development. These early episodes Ms. why Trump must put his assets into a blind in which an independent party manages instead of turning them over to his children to as Trump has proposed. have people with financial conflicts of interest mixing with White House Ms. said. The Wall Street in an editorial on went so far as to urge Trump to sell off all his golf courses and other and then take that cash and turn it over to a blind as that would be the only way to avoid all possible conflicts.
Trump has in effect dropped his threat to jail a prospect that frequently roused supporters to chant her and led critics to compare him to leaders of authoritarian Trump drops threat of criminal investigation into live Read told the New Times on that it would be to pursue criminal investigations into the former secretary of state over her use of a private email server or conflicts of interest involving her foundation. His conciliatory tone provoked a backlash from some want to hurt the I really Trump according to a tweet by Times journalist Mike went through a lot and suffered greatly in many different was then pressed on whether he had definitively ruled out a reported. The just not something that I feel very strongly a Trump invariably encouraged his raucous cries of her at where and badges showed face behind often with profane slogans. He told her at a debate that if he was president she would in and vowed to appoint a special remark provoked an outcry from who accused Trump of behaving like a dictator. Legal experts argued while he could suggest to the Department of Justice that it bring a as president Trump would have little constitutional power to make it his conversation at the New Times he rejected the idea that his supporters would be upset by his letting off the hook. think they will be he according to a tweet by reporter think I will explain it that we in many ways will save our Twitter Trump booed as he leaves the New Times said Trump made clear he did not prosecution when he inclination would be for whatever power I have on the matter is to say go forward. This has been looked at for so ad aware that the election campaign had been extraordinarily Trump said a prosecution would be very divisive for the lead in the popular vote now exceeds 1.5 comments were a far cry from the vicious campaign in which Trump branded his Democratic rival claimed that foreign entities gave money to the Foundation in return for favors from the state department when she was secretary of and condemned the for refusing to recommend prosecuting her for mishandling classified suffered a low rating for trustworthiness in opinion polls during the contest. a senior adviser to told Morning on think still has to face the fact that a majority of find her to be honest or but if Trump can help her heal then perhaps a good gap between the brash taunts on the campaign trail and his approach is part of a conscious shift away from the tone of his past rhetoric. think thinking of many different things as he prepares to become the president of the United States and things that sound like the campaign among she the dramatic climbdown earned the wrath of conservatives who had pushed hard for prosecution. Tom president of Judicial appointees continue the politicized spiking of a criminal investigation of it would be a betrayal of his promise to the people to the of corruption in Trump should focus on healing the broken justice affirm the rule of law and appoint a special prosecutor to investigate the the website where chief strategist is executive headlined its article on the subject a commentator and author of In Trump We I thought we elected president. Did we make him the His job is to pick those not do their investigated use of a private email server while she was secretary of state during first concluding earlier this year that her actions were but not in Congress have been hammering for years over issues such as the terrorist attack in Representative Republican chairman of the House oversight and government reform has said he will continue investigating use of a private indicated that Trump would not such a move. the also the head of your party tells you before even inaugurated he wish to pursue these it sends a very strong message tone and content to the she indicated that the saga might not yet be over. Senator Graham of South told Fox so much for her I guess. The bottom line is that I think the the whole should be looked at with an independent not a political never believed justice department would seriously look at what she may have done. I can understand wanting to put the election behind us and heal the but I do hope all the things Trump said about how crooked she was we just let it go without some serious effort to see if the law was truly violated. I think that would be a analysts agreed that Congress could still try to intervene. Henry a professor at the University of school of committees can investigate all they want. At the end of the day you want presidents spiking so we may not be out of the woods in terms of the decision might be calculated to his own Chambers added. are interesting issues as to whether playing presidential jujitsu said should not be therefore no one should investigate the most vocal critics was a former New who said before the election that he could see her in an or jumpsuit. But on at Trump he too appeared to backtrack. Twitter supports Trump decision not to prosecute a tradition in politics that after you win an you sort of put things behind he told reporters. if the decision he perfectly consistent with sort of a historical pattern of things come you say a lot of even some bad things might and then you can sort of put it behind you in order to unite the has frequently acknowledged her use of a private email server was a mistake and denied links between foundation donors and her work as secretary of 
The State has used chemical including chlorine and sulfur mustard at least 52 times on the battlefield in and since it swept to power in according to a new independent analysis. More than of those chemical attacks have come in and around the State stronghold in northern according to the assessment by the Conflict a intelligence collection and analysis service. The which are based on local news social media and State mark the broadest compilation of chemical attacks in the conflict. and military officials have expressed growing alarm over the prospect of additional chemical attacks as the allies press to regain both and the State capital in coalition is concerned about use of chemical Col. John a military spokesman in said in an email on using another name for the State. has used them in and in the and we expect them to continue employing these types of Colonel said that the ability to use chemical weapons is and that and other allied troops are equipped to deal with the impact of these chemical attacks typically mortar shells or artillery shells filled with chemical agents. The effects of these chemical munitions thus far have been limited to the immediate area where they land. The assessment is to be made public on The New Times obtained an advance copy of the assessment and the location of the 52 reported chemical attacks. The analysis did not break down the cases by type of chemical attack. In an effort to blunt the ability to make the the air campaign has bombed militants associated with overseeing their production and the facilities where chemical ordnance is manufactured. In for allied warplanes attacked a converted pharmaceutical factory in northern thought to have been a chemical weapons production facility. As forces now advance into analysts warned that the State could unleash more chemical attacks as they cede control. forces have reclaimed about of city. the State loses ground around there is a high risk of the group using chemical weapons to slow down and demoralize advancing enemy said a senior analyst and the head of the Conflict Monitor. to potentially make an example of and take revenge on civilian dissidents within the At least 19 of the 52 chemical attacks have taken place in and around according to the but the assessment noted a decline in attacks before the offensive against the city. was at the center of the chemical weapons said. most of the equipment and experts were probably evacuated to in the weeks and months leading up to the along with convoys of other senior members and their The State is not the only actor in to carry out chemical The government has conducted many more such attacks. military helicopters dropped bombs containing chlorine on civilians in at least two attacks over the past two a special joint investigation of the United Nations and an international chemical weapons monitor said in August. Beginning last officials confirmed the first instances of the State using sulfur a chemical warfare and the presence of the mustard gas on fragments of ordnance used in attacks by the group in and Laboratory which were also performed on scraps of clothing from showed the presence of a partly degraded form of distilled sulfur an internationally banned substance that burns a breathing passages and eyes. Chemical warfare broadly condemned and banned by most nations under international are indiscriminate. They are also difficult to defend against without specialized which many of the foes in and lack. The chemical agents are worrisome as potential terrorist even though chlorine and blister agents are typically less lethal than shrapnel or explosives. It was unclear how the State had obtained sulfur a banned substance with a narrow chemical warfare application. Both the former government in and the current government in at one point possessed chemical warfare programs. Chlorine is commercially available as an industrial chemical and has been used occasionally by bomb makers from militant groups in for about a decade. But it is not known how the State would have obtained sulfur the officials said. Abandoned and aging chemical munitions produced by during its war against in the were used in roadside bombs against forces during the occupation that followed the 2003 invasion of But officials have said the types of ordnance that have been publicly disclosed so far have not matched known chemical ordnance in the former inventory. The attacks have been geographically scattered and have varied in their delivery suggesting that the State had access and was experimenting different types of rockets and shells configured to carry chemical warfare agents or toxic industrial chemicals. One theory is that the militants were manufacturing a crude mustard agent officials say. Another theory is that the State acquired sulfur mustard from undeclared stocks in either through capture or by purchasing it from corrupt although this theory is not widely held by analysts.
The appointment of K. as chief White House strategist for J. Trump has been condemned by civil rights Democrats and some because of record as chairman of the news and opinion site. in his own are a selection of public statements about the the Republican Party and his own political philosophy. is a good thing. Fear is going to lead you to take he said in a 2010 interview. Referring to and in a 2011 radio interview on Political Vindication he women cut to the heart of the progressive narrative. why there are some unintended consequences of the liberation movement. in the women that would lead this country would be they would have they would love their children. They be a bunch of that came from the Seven Sisters schools up in New England. That drives the left and why they hate these made a movie in 2012 about the Occupy Wall Street protests. He told an making the Occupy when you finish watching the you want to take a hot shower. You want to go home and shower because just spent an hour and 15 minutes with the dirtiest people you will ever think anger is a good he told a gathering of conservatives in in according to a profile in The country is in a crisis. And if fighting to save this if fighting to take this country not going to be sunshine and patriots. going to be people who want to a was quoted as saying by a writer for The Daily Beast who met him at a party in 2014. He later said he did not recall the conversation. wanted to destroy the and my the site quoted him as saying. want to bring everything crashing and destroy all of we need to do is the Republican he said in a 2010 radio interview on Political Vindication Radio. believe there is a functional conservative party in this and we certainly think the Republican Party is he told the same gathering. going to be an populist movement that is virulently and going to continue to hammer this both the progressive left and the institutional Republican is a growing global revolt against the permanent political class at and the global elites that influence which impacts everyone from to he said in a 2014 interview in The New Times. the grassroots turn on the hate because the ONLY thing that will make them do their he wrote about Republican leaders in a 2014 email exchange with a News editor. The emails were obtained by The Daily Beast. call ourselves Fight You come to us for warm and told The Post this year. think of ourselves as virulently particularly the permanent political class. We say was grown in a petri dish at the Heritage took over News in 2012 after the death of its and shifted it further to the right. including some conservatives formerly associated with have denounced in its current incarnation as a hate site steeped in white nationalism and Here is a sampling of some articles published during tenure that drew Control Makes Women Unattractive and A 2015 article by who was later barred from Twitter when he was accused of inciting racist and sexist attacks on the actress told women that birth control you your voice you jiggle you a and you all the Republican Renegade A May 2016 article by criticized Bill for his opposition to Trump as political miscalculation so great and a betrayal so profound as to not be easily Health Organization 49 Higher A 2015 article by using a slur for people in the argued that a public health study on sexual health in the community was actually a warning about dangerous it is to become The site called it a rebuke to narrative that is sweeping Likely a With Inarguable to Terrorist A 2016 article by chronicled the belief of a Trump that Ms. an aide to was connected to a terrorist conspiracy. No Hiring Bias Against Women in They Just Suck at A 2016 article by argued that it was fault that tech firms hired so few of them. Bully Bridal Shop Owner Over Religious An August 2014 article by Berry criticized a lesbian couple who complained on about a bridal shop that refused to sell them wedding dresses. Solution to Is Women Should Log A 2016 article by argued that women were up the for men by invading every space we have and ruining it with and a form of modern
I have just read your article has given my number to someone regarding someone who had had the same mobile number for 16 years which was then mysteriously reallocated by . When my stopped told me that someone else was now using that number and the fraud department was investigating. A week I was informed that the number had been and they could give me no further information as they could no longer identify me. They have simply told me to go into a store and get a new and number. I have had my number since the mid so this is extremely inconvenient. I had credit on that blames an administrative error that removed your but go into further detail to or old number has now been returned to along with a promised goodwill gesture. This turns out to be which was then upped to then to you involved the media doubtful have got anywhere since its authentication system no longer you as the owner of that number. Dismal service you need help email at or write to Your The Kings 90 Include an address and phone problems with 
Two years when the had a future in the Union and Ed was a potential prime the chief business commentator of the Financial John announced the demise of tabloids. Unusually for an FT had once worked at the Daily and at the FT he often writes about the sweepingly and authoritatively even by that standards. era of the Fleet Street the populist and fearsome emblems of culture and is he wrote on 25 2014. has been over for some in but neither they nor their critics chose to admit pointed to their shrunken print in 1950 the Daily Express was he and more than copies each Yet by 2014 it was selling barely a ninth of and it has weakened further since. tabloids appeal to a readership limited by and social continued. is not sufficient in the digital era. Young people are not loyal to one tabloid title and few of them will subscribe cited the scandal which closed the News of the World in competition from politically free tabloids such as the distraction of readers by and the advancing years of key tabloid figures such as now who has been the splenetic editor of the Mail for almost a quarter of a century. predicted that would probably be the last tabloid editor to successfully their inner thoughts and emotions more strongly than the readers could of the tabloids Read recent the many observers and enemies of the tabloids have repeatedly forecast their political decline. In the Sunny wrote in the New Statesman that that general election had been for how little impact the tabloids He highly unlikely the Sun can claim victory after an election ever This in the middle of the referendum the i newspaper declared on its front Media Decide This In a former managing editor of the wrote in the New Times that the other tabloids had become with the Express more than an incontinent shriek of facts about health and The headline for the piece was Paper on 23 almost two years to the day after had written their one of the oldest dreams of the tabloids came spectacularly to when voted to leave the against the predictions of most broadsheet commentators. It was an outcome for which the tabloids had campaigned doggedly for but never more intensely or with less factual scrupulousness than this spring and when the front pages of the Mail and Express bellowed for talking up prospects in deafening day after day. Two days before the the Sun gave over its first 10 pages to referendum has not been the only tabloid triumph of the last 18 months. At the 2015 general again contrary to most the Conservatives won a majority against the bogeyman the papers had alternately mocked and feared for the previous five or Ed At Prof Deacon and his colleagues have studied the tabloid coverage of the last six general going back to 1992. were doing our initial analysis of 2015 while the campaign was going he there seemed to be laughably extreme headlines. The levels of partisanship were at least the equal of what we recorded in widely considered the previous high point or low point of tabloid electoral polling day in Deacon was doing the final data and I thought to gets a hung in spite of this it will be extraordinary. This election will put us out of He pauses. it tabloids publish and give a damn Letters Read this May suddenly swept past the to become Conservative leader and unelected prime minister. The Mail has long admired and promoted her as a controlling like himself. To his usually formal which was thrilled by her fierce party conference speech this she is politics now feels relentlessly From the daily obsession with immigrants to the rubbishing of human rights from the march towards a to the smearing of liberal as bad losers and the tabloids and the Conservative right are collaborating with a closeness and a swagger not seen since at least the early Sun and Mail have more power now than they have for a long says editor of the Sun from 1998 to 2003. could argue that in the tabloids had their most powerful moment In a text less than an hour after the victory was the current editor of the Tony told the media much for the waning power of the print the most confident and successful modern politicians have regarded the tabloids as culturally and electorally pivotal. In Tony told the inquiry into the of the you have a readership of three to four million power I know any other way of describing In his writes of his decision as leader to appease the Sun and its proprietor to was to say carry on and do your and we knew their worst was very bad almost every book about New has dozens of index entries for the Sun and Mail. Conservatives tend to be more reticent about their relations with the there are no index references to the Sun in either volume of memoirs. But shortly before her 1987 general election she spoke privately about to her confidant depend on him to fight for she said. Sun is Twitter The Daily Mail has long admired May. Daily to research by the paper you read is still far better predictor of and support than any other This applies to all national papers in Guardian readers chose over the by 10 to one. But with the the link is rapidly growing stronger. At the 2015 general the advantage over among Sun readers was times as big as it had been in 2010. as John of the veteran analyst of voting points who still read papers in print are disproportionately politically interested. They word was invented in 1884 by the pharmaceutical magnate Henry before it referred to pithy it meant a concentrated dose of some headlines from the Express this Influx Is Threatening To Destroy Our Way Of Bus Driver Lives At By Stopping For Cheats Spared Jail As Fraud For the they are unremarkable such themes and stereotypes and phrases have run through the papers for on front in news in editorials and pieces by almost all the articles agreeing with each almost every day. The papers have tirelessly devoted themselves to what the political theorist referred to as the manufacturing of by which he meant the partisan but often unnoticed and unchallenged assumptions that tilt public opinion rightwards. In an survey by revealed that vastly overestimate the number of and benefit an era when agreed facts are becoming and voters are increasingly impatient and but also disorientated by shock influencing how issues are talked about is more important than ever possibly more in than influencing elections. In uniquely among a few tabloid newspapers are at the heart of their preoccupations so familiar that the terms and have become almost the exact workings and nature of their influence are fiercely disputed. and tabloid proprietors say contradictory things about it. Defenders of the papers say that tabloids understand and represent their critics say that they talk down to them and manipulate them. Even the owners of tabloids always keep their story straight. In told the inquiry that the famous claim after the 1992 election The Sun Wot Won had been and wrong We have that sort of But at the offices in some of the rooms have glass walls with reproductions of its most headlines embedded in including the front page from the day of the 1992 about the then wins today will the last person to leave please turn out the unexpectedly lost. told the inquiry he thought this front page was He could not resist in his it even as he denied the political scientist Ken Newton wrote that identifying the political role of newspapers was classic conundrum of the Do people think and vote as because they read papers or is it the other way Are tabloids just one voice in a larger media or do they play a unique role in setting the agenda for other such as To what extent do the tabloids shape their social values or have the own values been made to shift by changing public attitudes towards race and gender and the of and seemingly perpetual the tabloids reign again even as their like the rest of the print continues to crumble. Is theirs a brittle Or is their hold on the national discourse secure for another way to investigate these questions is to tell the story of their political influence on modern It is not a simple tabloid is in many ways a perfect environment for a partisan press. It is a country with a raucous party politics and an enduring culture of national newspapers. Unlike local the nationals do not have to appeal to but can have intense relationships with particular readerships. newspapers first appeared regularly during the civil war of the the earnest supported the mocking backed the royalists. Three hundred years political bias remained so blatant that in 1947 Clement government established a royal commission to investigate the in particular the power of its disproportionate number of proprietors. Lord the domineering owner of the told the ineffectual purpose originally was to set up a propaganda and I have never departed from years the pioneering social research Mass Observation conducted one of the first studies of the interactions between newspapers and their by press consumption in libraries and other public places. people choose their paper primarily for its it found. per cent of people read political news far more than read sport or With huge electoral turnouts and party was a highly society. influence on the study went was almost imperceptible either reinforcement of opinions already or to seeds and implant suggestions on points to which people have up to now given next to no Twitter The Daily Express has run a steam of front pages. Express Mass Observation warned tend to resist newspaper influences that lead them in a direction they are not disposed to During the 1945 general one Express headline In if Socialists won by a used to thinking of tabloids as always modern has forgotten that their political influence actually dwindled during the postwar decades. Improving literacy and the complexities of the war reduced the impact of simplistic newspapers. Mass Observation found the press falling behind and and as political influences. The arrival of television during the which was not allowed to be made the Mail and the founded in 1896 and 1900 look still more like bombastic throwbacks. So did the increasingly consensual nature of postwar party the politician and diarist spent a hospital stay reading a newspaper struck he wrote the enormous power of the press in politics before 1918 and its steady decline since... there a campaign against a cabinet the effect is usually to strengthen his the economy recovered from the advertising revenue became more important to and this brought a pressure to publish fewer potentially stories. According to the media historians and Jean the amount of coverage in the tabloids halved between 1945 and 1975. The Mail and Express carried on backing the but their readers increasingly ignored the by of Mail readers and of Express readers supported the struggling Daily founded half a century earlier as a radical paper for striking trade was relaunched as the Sun. It remained but as its blandly uplifting name might it was more interested in and in what it called young often who were joining the expanding middle class of southern idea that newspapers should no longer lecture their readers received support from academia. The Sun was conceived partly on the advice of a sociologist and social Mark He produced reports with graphs and tables which appeared to prove the existence of a increasingly less politically mass newspaper readership. Meanwhile in where most academic work on the media was the analysis of press influence converged on a effects It noted that few voters changed their minds during presidential when coverage of politics was at its most and concluded that papers were not much of a factor in electoral contests. Twitter told the inquiry that this Sun front page was and many postwar quickly crossed the and helped shape the thinking of the small number of media analysts. In the respected wrote languidly in his book The Political Impact of Mass national newspapers ... are in only a loose had died in 1964. The equally of the Viscount and Viscount had died in 1922 and respectively. Newspapers were increasingly controlled by corporations seeking profits or prestige rather than political clout. In a 1977 essay titled Organization of Public the media academic Tom Burns power of the press barons has had not. In 1969 bought his first the News of the World. While mostly interested in sex and it was traditionally a paper. According to reliable 2003 book Press How Newspapers Make Profits from was permitted to acquire it partly because the other potential buyer was then a book publisher and own at this were a slightly unformed but usefully ambiguous both and union. Despite the persona which he would brilliantly and in the intensely world of newspapers for decades to he was in fact the son of an press Sir Sir had been so influenced by the that he was nicknamed Lord When junior was asked if he would tell the News of the World what to he did not come all this way not to the Sun was also put up for sale in after its first incarnation attracted too few and Maxwell again competed to buy it. Maxwell wanted to slim the while assured the powerful unions that he had no such intentions. won. His Sun tried to be fashionably it was against the death nuclear weapons and the for and personal freedom. Its endorsement of the party at the 1970 general election deferred to readers rather than tried to browbeat government has just about earned the right to another term of office. That is our view. But you have a mind of your the late and early the large advantage that the Conservatives had always enjoyed among the in terms of both circulation and opinions suddenly evaporated. When the national union of mineworkers went on strike in 1972 against the despite still being owned by the was men do a dangerous job All they ask is a decent wage. They should have The Mail acknowledged public for the and for the miners is a good cause. It makes sense for The editor of the was the son of an official and had once edited a union journal. Of the said certainly pushed public opinion very hard behind the as startling and in first referendum on in the tabloids urged their readers to vote in of When the side won by to the Mail is the most crushing victory in political history. The effects of this thunderous YES will echo down the Twitter inspects one of the first copies of the Sun in 1969. Association the flirtation with cosmopolitanism and the left was short. In the miners went on strike against Heath and the Mail condemned them. When he called a general election that to try to end the the Sun endorsed the Conservatives. Some of this shift was a reaction against the increasing radicalism of parts of the union movement and the party. The Mail became preoccupied by the presence of communists in the But the tabloids were also increasingly hit by strikes themselves. The inflationary economy of the had brought lower advertising higher newsprint and higher wage demands. All Fleet Street papers had prickly but the were the most rebellious of regularly stopping editions from joined the Sun in and worked there on and off for four as well as writing and lecturing in academia about tabloids and their readers. after I started at the he told was working on and I let the word through on a headline about a strike by the union. Kelvin later became the most aggressively gave me a He you know what all Thatcher seized the leadership from Heath in Lamb quickly became a convert. The Sun editor would invite her to his office for evening chats and and published so many pieces about her that the more cautious anxious about the large residue of would phone Lamb and you still pushing that bloody The Sun had backed the losing side at both the 1970 and 1974 general elections. But by the late many voters were turning against unions and and the individualistic circulation doubling over the decade. In it overtook its the Daily to become daily paper. In amid the strike chaos of the Winter of the Sun lethally punctured the credibility of the prime with a headline that sounded like a quote from him but was actually disguised What Mail was an early and effective Thatcher ally too. Its editor during the and was a zealously former entrepreneur who had backed her coup against Heath Mail was the only paper to do the and turned the paper into a less more seductive advocate of Conservative presenting them as basic common somehow above mere party politics. The day before the 1979 general the front page Woman Who Can Save The endorsement of the Conservatives was less personal and more but THIS The return of the tabloids was complete and with it came the press culture we still live in voters have become more disengaged since the the political messages have had to become louder. FOR yelled the front page on the day of the 1983 general election. When moved rightwards after choosing the pragmatic as the Sun immediately dismissed him has no intellectual no coherent strategist who would become key interpreter of voter during the began reading the tabloids closely. looked at those papers and silently he wrote after the 1992 general election campaign. Some tabloid journalists had mixed feelings about their power. the Sun did the its famous 1992 front page of balding head inside a bulb was out on the doorstep canvassing for him. I thought it was awful. I felt professional admiration. I help smiling. In the office after the paper came there was a lot of chatting and smiling. There was a sense of being in amongst it of despite a tired Conservative there was a surge of academic and media interest in the political role. The model had already begun to attract doubters. In the media analyst Miller had written about what he instead called In this heavily which had one of the highest proportions of Sun readers in the a small and supposedly vulnerable Conservative majority had risen rather than fallen at the 1987 election. According to this swing had happened late in the campaign when the onslaught on was at its loudest and it had been repeated in other similar marginals. He suggested the paper had played a major role. The famous 1992 front page of head inside a bulb. John interviewed a panel of voters from across the before and after the general election. Unlike he did not find tabloid readers shifting from to the Conservatives. But he wrote that the papers did play a part in over or maintaining in the Conservative camp electors who might otherwise have abstained or voted Liberal All the scare stories about it had persuaded these pivotal voters to choose the as the lesser as they would in ominously still for in 1992 Ken Newton found that people with views who read a paper of whom there were still millions were more likely to vote Conservative than people with views who read a one were to vote papers were better at making converts than in other just as they would prove better at turning readers into than the press would be at creating the many political observers assumed that readers of tabloids were a sort of block to be deployed en by proprietors as decisively as union members had been by their leaders during the In academia and the tabloid factor was frequently cited as a reason why would never win power were weaknesses in this argument. The gap between the Conservative share of the newspaper market between 70 and and the Conservative share of the vote at general elections around suggested that papers were not terribly efficient creators of voters. Even in when the Sun had said fewer than half of its readers had done so. Another third actually believed it had endorsed As became a less less readers could no longer be relied on to absorb or even notice bossy political articles in the way that they had in the heyday of the by the after four consecutive general election was not interested in examining such complexities. Under the party generally sought to accommodate rather than challenge decided that the Mail was key influencer of Middle that was More than a year before became leader in a delicate political dance began between him and the tabloids each side seeking to draw maximum advantage from the rising strength of the other which culminated in the Sun endorsing at the 1997 general day before the press secretary was contacted by the Sun and told to call its said they were going to come out for us in a big front page wrote in his capturing the sense of mutual triumph and machismo. said was sure and laughed I took to one side and I said you remember in 1994 when I said we should try to get the Sun on board and you said you sure it was they are. He thought it was good news in its own right in the effect it would have on the other The next the Today on Radio 4 reported that the Conservatives felt its correspondent meant the Sun passing them by on the other side of the noticed was the fact that the paper had endorsed on its almost terms. that the under Thatcher achieved remarkable said the Sun. has promised to slay the dragon of it went and might even the welfare state. As well as choosing the tabloids now wanted to decide what they a professor of linguistics at published a deceptively breezy political book called Think of an Its central argument was that how issues are which points of view the media and other political defined as and the language used to do so largely decides how voters think about the last two through coalition and Conservative the tabloids have successfully chosen and then framed most of the debates that have dominated domestic ensuring that law and the role of the and relationship with have all been discussed in ever more determination to be on the Brown jobs for the onslaught on the May means all have been not always with workable policies intended to the in the euphemistic stock phrase of political the newspapers have directly intervened in the making of government policy. According to Nick book Hack How the Truth Caught Up with in 2001 the Sun forced Brown as chancellor to permit more private sector involvement in the the paper condemned his cherished plan to increase spending as too writes then a Brown desperate not to be portrayed as a traditional the Sun agreed to rearrange his diary so that he could go to their office that day sat down with the outspoken political for an interview which rapidly became a negotiation about Twitter The Daily Mail backs May for prime minister. Daily the policy ideas that have been popular with the public but not with these and their proprietors raising taxes on the wealthy or on loathed and ineffective utilities have almost never been the tabloid like those of all stagnated and then fell. party fixated on the was often as consensual as it had been during the when the tabloids had felt obliged to tone down their rhetoric. Yet this time they did the emboldened by the acceptance of their agenda and eagerness to have friendly relations. The tabloids became more influential as the media in general adjusted to a new world of squeezed and recycled the papers became a dependable source of polemic for other outlets. and the are still obsessed by reviewing the says a former executive who is professor of media at the School of Economics. Presenters holding up tomorrow front pages to the he points cheap The need for broadcasters to be once seen as a has created a market for tabloid first thing you do when put together a front is get it over to to the paper review Tom Ed press strategist as told could say Is on the front of the and the next be a story on the over whether black is white The legal requirement for broadcasters to be once considered a threat to the has created a new market for their is even possible that the political stances are even more influential now than in the precisely because they are less and less read. Their positions are simply assumed rather than widely for flaws or contradictions and politicians and public opinion adjust accordingly. who died in would be appalled and the editor of the says was very much aware that most people were not reading the political stuff. But the Sun set the mood music of of the lobby of the morning meetings in every department in Downing Like any good tabloid he may be overstating a but to manipulate the elite while insisting your journalism is for the masses is certainly quite a tried to break out of his suffocating tabloid relationship. who supported the we felt we had better keep talking to have dinners with the editor of the Sun. Ed would have drinks with Then happened reacted to the scandal by attacking the political and calling for them to be properly regulated. ever drinks with after says was screaming down the phone at Ed. It felt scary. Brown said to is a big thing done. got to keep your foot on their or come back up and smack as often with his initiative petered out. management style is to says a former there were some good personal relationships in the team with some tabloid lost the argument. We got back to business as At the 2015 the tabloids tore into and regardless. During the it felt like and were the and the politicians were underwent a similar experience with the papers. At as leader influenced by his adviser who believed that in the digital era the views of newspapers were of increasingly minor relevance decided that rather than up to as one of his aides put it was better to your from the and to focus instead on television appearances. Yet when the effectiveness of leadership was widely in 2007 not least by papers he quickly changed his approach. He hired the former News of the World editor as his director of and maintained a highly political friendship with the editor of the Sun and Brooks. In the Sun switched its support from back to the resignation over in and conviction for the same in governments remained straining to come up with populist policies and while the Mail backed the Conservatives as and his paper remained lukewarm towards the metropolitan And when finally challenged the the they were brutal towards and helped terminate his premiership. Twitter When challenged the views on he was brutally attacked. The been amused to hear successor as communications to about the press and how awful they argues that the tabloid barons are simply at what they do than the politicians. and have been around for so fashioning words and campaigns. During the it felt like they were the and the politicians were the reign of the tabloids ever It was interrupted when the second world war created a kinder and after the scandal in 2011. Profound social or the exposure of can weaken even apparently impregnable tabloid recent shifting public attitudes have undermined some of the certainties. I look back at the words I used to use as a Sun gay get sacked if you used those detects a rationale behind this a tightening you want to put off readers. When you had a circulation of four it mattered less if you said something and put off of your the tabloids have sometimes received disproportionate credit for their liberal moments. The campaigning for the truth about the racist murder in 1993 of the black teenager sits uneasily with the endless xenophobic nudges of its immigration tabloids still look much the same now as they did three decades ago. Redesigns have been much rarer and more cautious than at other papers. So have alterations to the basic tabloid prose style. know what going to get from the first says caught the conversational tone of the their style is very Deacon of University says that in his research on election bias he finds that are far more aware of the narrative of The tabloids have always been The Sun Wot Won but nowadays their political rages would be almost if they did not have such consequences. As puts the papers often read a parody of who is said he sometimes sensed a nostalgia in the air at the offices. we do a special front people a real classic. just like the old years the paper moved from its old premises in east an intimidating compound of almost windowless blocks behind widely known as to a much more generic office building in central Its lobby faces directly on to the street. Down one side are photographs from various publications. The is just a generic showbiz as if the political coverage is less of a priority nowadays. On the Sun and Mail political stories are much less prominent than in their print the leader is 14 months into an experiment in ignoring the tabloids. It may well be but his leadership has already lasted longer than the tabloids and their ceaseless attacks on like their shouting down of anyone who doubts will be a have a small undertone of anxiety about them. Twitter leader may be ignoring the tabloids but they are not reciprocating. years the political scientist Ken Newton pondered the puzzle of how newspapers and their readers relate and produced perhaps the closest thing to an answer. press and its readers are likely to be mutually he each other in a constantly shifting process of mutual The tabloids may have adapted a little to their changing but the papers retain an suspicion of new kinds of and a nastiness towards people who do not fit their rigid Above the tabloids remain stubbornly attached to the optimistic ideas of the one prime minister that they have never turned Thatcher an optimism that many of their readers have not felt since at least the 2008 financial both the Sun and the Mail have responded to what the owner called a for newspapers by making editorial redundancies. A Sun journalist emailed had massive compulsory in editorial. Hardly enough bodies left to get out the paper. Mood is of the variety survivors staggering around dazed and who started on the Sun 39 years was one of those culled. Well before it he told me he could imagine a without tabloids my He went you take that kind of political communication we will all go into our own ideological because of the way social media Tom also fears that if the tabloids then what comes next could be worse. political stories contain at least kernels of he says. the be in a totally But in a world without tabloid perhaps other kinds of politics will have a Follow the Long Read on Twitter at or sign up to the long read weekly email long 
The who will be the next US lose the election because of the email Pollsters and observers think but as election day looms the Democratic nominee is losing support just as Trump is experiencing a resurgence. Earlier this week we rounded up everything you need to know before voting need to talk about the article 50 high court has only parliament can trigger article 50 and departure from the But can that fate be avoided Our panel responds. Put out the your insistence that be the ultimate arbiter of our national affairs has been given the judicial seal of approval. Let all those who spent the spring trumpeting the glory of hailing it as the mother of now celebrate their victory. of they human experiences recalled and problems asked pretty sexual on dying and dealt with the deaths of those close to me quite badly. why an I donate 10 of breast milk a big reads Twitter Guardian shocking murder of most flamboyant politician The brazen killing of the nation. But when police began to they uncovered an even darker story of corruption and how is changing the way we eat One in five has shared a food picture in the past according to a supermarket survey. No wonder the dishes we cook are getting brighter and more photogenic. But does always taste as on Out of Time at the voice of a generation is not a pretty place to Their seventh album made them superstars. But the fame cost REM a band member their friendships. In a rare interview five years after they discuss Trump and why still sorry for Shiny Happy photo heroic response to of conflict between and the army have forced 2.1 million people in to flee their homes. Many have found shelter elsewhere in the with people sharing their land and compassion. Photographer Bode to the village of to meet hosts and their guests and hear their incredible stories of altruism and survival. Twitter Bode for Save the the night recipes mac and date cinder toffee and amaretto hot chocolate comforting treats will keep you going until the fireworks finish. Twitter for the 
Walk past the 110 electric guitars filed on shelves like a library and the dozens of keyboards swaddled in and the ancient amps that the Smiths used at their first and you eventually come to a toilet slap bang in the middle of the room. It looks as if it has briefly parked itself there while waiting for a more suitable you go things become even stranger equivalent of the The walls are lined with a series of gold and silver Mind Bomb by The Ignore the Ignorant by the Talking With The About Poetry by Billy all of them awarded to Johnny In the corner of the there is a trophy for presented to the guitarist in 2013 by the music magazine a reminder that career end with the 29 years since their still the Smiths most people want to hear about. The band more or less invented as is quick to remind me. Their tunes were as delicate as their lyrics were morose. They became known as supreme least because of songs such as Heaven Knows Miserable but it was a brand of that was romantic and funny. There Is A Light That Never Goes if a into die by your such a heavenly way to Between 1983 and they had 15 hits. Songs such as This Charming It Was Really Nothing and Big Mouth Strikes Again just classic they were perfectly formed short since the Smiths has been reluctant to talk about the band and his relationship with Like and the he was blamed for being the one to walk and felt he was never quite forgiven. But at the age of enjoying a successful solo has just written a Set The Boy Free. He thinks time to put the record meet in his a converted warehouse just outside is in skinny jeans and a looking fit and He says he loves the title of his book because it sounds like a famous song. But it it just came to him. As a little boy he was growing it was music that set him free from the of everyday life. He was brought up in a family in by Catholic parents who were also mad about music. His brooding laid gas pipes in the his one of 14 cleaned at a was nothing unhappy about his but there was something stultifying about suburbia. was looking for something He looks embarrassed. sounds a bit but common transcendence that everybody can relate to. I really like the word free. It has a sense of and which always Twitter On the road with in 1984. courtesy of Johnny was a bright and went to grammar school. Like all he he was good at and art. But beyond that he care much for academic work. He was obsessed with girl groups the and the rockers and and most of all with the age of he was playing in bands with people four years older. I was learning so doing stuff. It felt like an apprenticeship for the only thing I was going to do be a rock guitar was already a star in the obsessed with mod haircuts and spending every spare minute perfecting his guitar technique. He was a talented footballer and had a trial with the team he supported. But nothing could compete with his passion for music. Football fell by the says he stand the strutting braggadocio of His guitar heroes from the want to steal the show. rather than playing lead he devised a new way of playing for himself using the rhythm guitar to replicate a whole band or orchestra. The technique was influenced by of and refined over the years in the studio. It often involved numerous guitar and referred to it as the he got the idea for the which he formed at it was already his fifth serious band. This time he knew he want to front it. few occasions I had to stand in front of a bunch of local kids at youth it was As far as was all the great bands were based on a and and where came was looking for a singer for his new band. One night he watched a South Bank Show on the great songwriting team Jerry and Mike said he had heard that wrote liked the sound of found out where he lived and knocked on the door. decided that what he would he had been told was a good so he would find out where he lived and knock on his talked about and listened to rare raved about Dusty Little By played him Message Understood. When gave him some of his typed lyrics. After they were inseparable. that was excessive and all the big visions I carried around inside were also in him. The love of pop and the pure was mirrored in my partner. never seen it in anyone else and never in exactly the same way since. And the desperation. He was looking for someone like me and I was looking for someone like him. And we liked each other straight away. We really liked each was the it going to happen for all that unfulfilled ambition was a hell of a lot to carry around. We the sort of people who at 28 were going to be able to was in a it work out. why working in an estate The two of us knew that we were too into it to survive they as intense as each different yeah. Mine comes out in exuberance. My mother used to say a cross between really intense and really says his relationship with was as close as is possible without being lovers. Was he in love with because I was in love with then now but we definitely loved each other. I think we all His old school friend had played in his first the joined on and Mike became their drummer. The four became good but says it was always clear that he and were the second lyric put to music was the ghoulish Suffer Little about the victims of and with your pretty white never be a never see your home so much to answer the words spook at the he they were so besotted with each the lyrics were secondary. like each other. You look I look good. I write you write lyrics. gonna do He smiles. I in the first songwriting my new group had a song about the Moors it was very But I went on he always think of the Smiths as a way that is I yes. I old enough to be but it was kind of looked like a young and had the swagger. was famously so was marketed as the arrogant one. While he says he was true to that there was always that was terrified. Twitter only thing I was going to do was be a rock guitar in his studio. Spring for the Smiths were always not in the campaigning way of Billy or but in their frame of reference the writings of Catholic their album titles Is The Queen Is the daily grind of life. Growing up in being political was instinctive. was just part of your because you felt you were up against and the right wing was the minority but controlling everything. Somebody gave me Arguments For Socialism by Tony and I discovered that what I just thought was decency was a political position. You look after people who are less and anyone who does otherwise is just fucking ghastly. By being an alternative musician back you were he and have similar we did back And expect so. Probably In recent has made headlines for suggesting that immigration is compromising he sued the for releasing a statement that has no place in our In a 2010 interview with this he described the as a when it came to their treatment of animals. prefers to talk about the days when reserved his bile for soon began to take its toll on the Smiths. had a heroin survived on a diet of cocaine and booze. His weight dropped to seven but he worry because all his heroes had been slight. Best was was Lee was small. And they were cocky and so I related to and played up to it. When it got really unhealthy it was just part and parcel of being in the Smiths in 1986. I is I just never looks fantastically healthy slim but not skeletal. He is teetotal and has been for many years. Now he gets his high from running. We meet at and already been out for eight miles. The only thing that gives away his age is the mandatory rock star dyed hair. His eternal boyishness is reflected not only in the but also in his passion new new new his nomadic sense of adventure recently spent five years living in with while playing with Modest his curiosity optimism did briefly desert when the Smiths split in 1987. In Set The Boy he writes that the official version of him walking out on the band quite right. was becoming more and more unreliable. Things came to a he when refused to show up for the video shoot of the single Shoplifters Of The World and ordered him to sack their latest Ken had been introduced to the band by the singer and who considered to be doing a good says assumed the guitarist would take on the role of unofficial as he had for most of the existence. Even when the Smiths became acted as booking vans and sorting all the finer detail. At the same he was being dictated to in the studio. Drummer Mike who appeared to have taken on the role of spokesman for the other told their next single would be a cover of Work Is A Word. pleased but he he walk out. He stayed at making instrumental tracks in his recording 1987 a story appeared in the press that had accompanied by a new photo of the band taken by their press officer in which was scowling while the other three Smiths smiled away. At that he felt he had no option but to sounds horribly I say. he says not least the presumption that he would be the one to step in and manage the Smiths. what split the band up. To this day I met anyone who thinks a major rock group should be managed by the guitar So why did he agree to manage them in the first because we were deemed unmanageable. When we fired I always had to deal with it. When we got to the end of the it was put to me by my partner that he work with the current manager and we had to go back to how it was. I prepared to do and so it became untenable. There was no way For a those tensions sound as raw as they did three decades ago. was waiting for someone to fix and make it so it have to Twitter with his wife in the late courtesy of Johnny were they so resistant to having a lot of it was to do with Does he feel he finishes the sentence for me. that was the tangible public manifestation of all He embarrassed by his words. Check me It was the feeling of being and my role in the band being He stops again. like any bad shit goes day that he confirmed he was the other band members issued a statement wishing him luck and guitarists are being considered to replace How did that make him literally thought it was a joke. It was the final nail in the coffin and it took me a long time to forgive them. It was pretty callous. But I hold it against anybody now. I absolutely Within a the Smiths were in the studio with a new guitarist. They never completed any new by the time their final Here We was released in they had announced their was the constant throughout this time. They started going out at the age of and are still with two grownup children. Did she ever fear she would lose him to it was me and first. We all had these very intense relationships that worked and brought great I say that seems to be the glue in his story. the person enabled me to be who I am and vice versa. completed and completed struck most when writing his book is how young he was when the Smiths split. He yet and his career with one of biggest bands was over. Looking back he there was an inevitability about it all. Even without the and even though he want to he was never going to be a lifer in a single band. For a while he became the most illustrious hired hand in the playing with the Pretenders and He went on to have relationships with a number of including eternally innovative The The critically acclaimed album Dusk reached number two in the alternative dance band Electronic with handful of hit including Getting Away With It and Get The rockers Modest Mouse album We Were Dead Before The Ship Even Sank went into the US charts at number and punks the Cribs. says these collaborations all led to great band did he enjoy playing with he says without a beat. More than the People believe it when I say that. I love Modest Mouse so much because the chemistry of those guys was a real brotherhood. They were a great and I really wanted to be in a great see the rest of the Smiths for years after the split. In March and started legal proceedings against and arguing they were equal partners in the band and each entitled to of recording and performance royalties rather than the they were getting and each took settled out of but continued and in 1996 his case was heard. barrister argued that and treated the drummer and bassist as session as readily replaceable as the parts in a After a bruising seven days in Judge Weeks found in describing as truculent and and as to embroider his evidence to a point where he became less He also described as the more intelligent of the while and were If the Smiths wanted to it would make a hell of a lot of people very happy. We might even be better than justified in bringing the court had a right to do it. I think he should have done because we had an agreement. Looking I would have done things differently. make sure you move a muscle without a contract for benefit. Young people good at doing that kind of and we had to pay the price for Would he still regard the and were paid as a fair would be more he says. it a band of equals. years later I think anyone can see What would be a fair He laughs. know wind up in court if I answered The question he most dislikes being asked is whether the Smiths will But it emerges that he and were asking themselves the same question decades after the and that it almost did come to pass. In they met for the first time since the court case in a pub in south conversation about came out of the blue. I go there with that in mind. But there had been quite a few about so naturally we discussed it. could feel about And off we Who was more think we were both as keen as each changed lost as people have bursts out laughing. he . I felt changed when we met. I was vegan and just run 10 miles quite different from the person I was when I was last in the Did see a would think because I was in the pub not drinking. And he was knocking back the pints. I think any secret that he likes a very But changed quite a lot. got about nine for a shows me his a tattoo that says Why rather than mate. better energy. I had my so I think noticed and he likes tattoos. So I was and I was was more more sure of himself. pleased for him. It was great a really nice left the contemplating a Smiths spoke a few more then went on tour with the and hear from he thinks their friendship could be I think run its course. I feel unfriendly in any way towards just no need for it. One of the things we had in common was that we lived for and too busy doing what doing many people publish memoirs when they are on their uppers or want to settle says. But he has never been more content. He has made two solo albums in the past three and is enjoying learning the skills of being a His son is a who has performed with his daughter who works in has sung backing vocals with him. Hearing them he is the only thing that makes him like an hopes the book will be but not sure how exactly. Just talking to he already seems liberated. He recently remastered the Smiths back the first time listened to it as a body of work. Night I That Somebody Loved Me is his He had always known it was but now he became fully aware of what they had achieved. Alongside his new solo he has started performing old Smiths songs for the first time since the band split up occasionally joined on stage by bassist He had always resisted the idea that he did his best work so but now accepts the Smiths will be his it is a legacy he has become increasingly determined to defend. In then prime minister chose This Charming Man on Desert Island proclaiming himself a fan of the Smiths. responded on saying that you like the Smiths. No you I forbid you to like Was he genuinely I was pissed off by by the gall of thinking that me and my band were up for grabs. So I responded on behalf of all of Were the others offended as think they just probably looked at it and taken care of He pauses and grins. nothing changes very Twitter and about to go in in 1984. courtesy of Johnny four days the Smiths was a very real an exclusive extract from Johnny new for the I consulted when our was remastered for in the The albums sounded and I was determined to put things right. After a lot of I reached an agreement with and I would master all the records again with a top engineer so our would be as it should once and for all. When I the I was struck by how good the band and how young. I recalled the exact intention and emotion that went into every note and and I and and can really hear the love in I got a nice reply from both of negotiations with meant that and I were in a rare period of communication. One day in 2008 we were only a couple of miles apart in south and arranged to meet up in a pub nearby. I was happy to see him it was 10 years or more since last met. We caught up with personal news and family and reminisced a our conversation turned to deeper things. started to talk about how our relationship had become owned by the outside usually in a negative way. We had been defined by each other in most areas of our professional life. I appreciated him mentioning because it was true. The drinks kept coming and we sat talking for hours. We as we always about the records we and eventually we moved on to There had been for years that the Smiths were about to and they were always untrue. I had never pursued any offer. Suddenly we were talking about the possibility of the band and in that moment it seemed that with the right intention it could actually be done and might even be great. I would still work with the Cribs on our and also had an album due out. We hung out for a while and after even more orange juice and even more beer we hugged and said our was genuinely pleased to be back in touch with and the Cribs and I talked about the possibility of me playing some shows with the Smiths. For four days it was a very real prospect. We would have to get someone new on but if the Smiths wanted to it would make a hell of a lot of people very and with all our experience we might even be better than before. and I continued our and planned to meet up again. I went to with the and then suddenly there was radio silence. Our communication and things went back to how they were and how I expect they always will started working in the studio at unusual around five or six in the morning. One day in on the way back from driving my daughter Sonny to I was thinking about how had been saying that he was a fan of the Smiths. Anyone who was a fan would know we were against everything he and the Conservative party stood for. But if he wanted to say that he liked the what could I do about Twitter A student protester in a Smiths in 2010. thinking too much about I picked up my phone and stop saying that you like the Smiths. No you I forbid you to like Satisfied that made my I went to take a couple of hours I was woken up by a call from my manager. he said. Twitter business. While been asleep my tweet had been by thousands of people and picked up by the press all over the world. himself was called on to comment during prime questions. With the government planning to increase university tuition MP stood up and Smiths of the archetypal student band. If he wins tomorrow what songs does he think the students will be listening Miserable I Owe You Anything or Heaven Knows Miserable took the opportunity to show his true expect that if I turned I probably get This Charming one. It was all very jolly and totally 50,000 demonstrators marched through I was proud to see the students call the politicians to account for their broken promises. Things came to a head in Parliament Square on the day the new laws were passed. The next day I was sent a photograph of a protester called Wood who was confronting the police in a Smiths page I stared at the her the Houses of Parliament. The significance of her wearing the Smiths shirt made quite an impact on me. It occurred to me aside from the music we that picture could be the most powerful testament to the legacy. The only other person I knew who might comprehend it the same way was and so I emailed him the picture. been no contact between us for a long but I got a reply within minutes. He seen the and he was equally surprised and impressed. Our communication continued for a day or but although I felt created a moment of an air of disaffection and distrust remained between us. It was a shame. This is an edited extract from Set The Boy Free by Johnny published by Century at To order a copy for go to or call 0330 333 6846. 
I was 24 when I arrived in in and it was thrilling. never set foot outside but after the second world war I felt a great urge to escape the greyness of austerity so I applied to the Colonial Nursing first big difference was that the sun was which it do much at home. while been told to expect all sorts of it was a land of nothing like where everything was even clothes. I thought I would never stop eating. It was the first time had anything like hummus or little baby courgettes or any of the lovely food. There were coffee shops with sticky cakes and gooey stuff. And where I was was the of the orange export worked as a sister at the government hospital. The nursing staff was a mixture I first got it was and but the patients were mostly It was a very pleasant atmosphere. There was a good bus service to Tel so go to look at the shops and have clothes there were all these lovely dresses with full skirts and tight were a lot of people stationed in at the time. The country was full of and the colonial way of life was still in existence. Newcomers wrote their names in a book at Government and were invited to all sorts of exciting I would never have rubbed shoulders with the people I was introduced to otherwise. But the situation had been rumbling for a and everybody was wondering how things were going to work met my at the swimming club in I remember the first time I saw him he was a very nice shade of having served in various places all through the war. We married in 1948. By this the state of affairs in had become following the vote to partition into and states. People on all sides were being and most civilians had already been evacuated. While the situation was I feel unsafe. But I was service had its the Commonwealth tour of 1956 Read the end of we were told a convoy was coming to take us to the airport. We were disappointed to but there were no two ways about the day the airport had been looted and the customs building set on fire. The army was guarding the and we were flown in an plane that was and very noisy. They served tea and coffee from flasks. I thought about media but there were others on board who were much more newsworthy than such as the mayor of who had had his braces nicked by a bullet that had come through his office window a few hours at I had hoped our return would be but a month later I found out I was and that rather changed everything. After a few we were fortunate to work abroad at this picture I am reminded of how excited I had been to live abroad. But the picture also makes me is and 95 and a bit frayed around the edges. The situation in the Middle East upsets there are good people on both but I see how going to Interview by you in a notable Email me in the 
The group Fancy which made headlines worldwide when it published the private medical certificates of athletes including and has struck again by hacking into the confidential emails of senior emails which have been taken in separate attacks on the World Agency and the United States Agency include conversations about US athletes who might have unusual blood a that at least two US were taking cocaine to lose weight before the Games and strong suggestions that a who has not been had a blood transfusion before a major as president despite criticism Read which also contain the personal details of the Sir including his home phone number will raise further concerns about the ability of agencies to protect confidential data. In Fancy Bears used a attack to access athlete management system before publishing details of therapeutic use exemptions certificates that allow athletes to use medication on prohibited substances list because of an illness or a separate development Fancy Bears has also released more names of athletes who have taken therapeutic use exemptions including the sprinter who Athletics has confirmed was given an intravenous painkiller after tearing his hamstring in the at the Diamond League last and the Team Sky rider who was allowed to take before a kidney scan after damaging a vertebra in 2014. There is no suggestion of wrongdoing on the part of either is the revelations in the and emails that are likely to provoke the greatest interest. They An email about an anonymous about a group of some of whom later competed in using cocaine for weight loss The who suggests that the practice has gone on with the knowledge of a is described as The internal email says that the athletes will be urgently but also points out that cocaine will not necessarily be an rule violation as the drug is not banned out of A member flagging up a number of US athletes as having incorrect The email includes a number of athletes whose human growth hormone and mean corpuscular volume levels are although the author this is only blood parameters but let me know if you think these are errors or if the values really are that The vitamins and medication that athletes told they were using before an test. For it was disclosed one athlete was on vitamin and some of which are powerful and legal asthma and thyroid A distance athlete who competed in was flagged up as having suspicious blood values in the weeks before the As one email puts was heavily tested over the past and from her passport its clear was blood doping from tests earlier this month. The passport is now under review and will certainly be reviewed as likely a statement criminal leak of this information which is regular correspondence on operational matters from staff illustrates nothing new and is once again part of a continued effort to discredit and the broader system. this activity is part of an attempt to distract from the real the serious breaches to world rules that were evidenced in the Guardian understands the hack of data is suspected to have come about after an official from the used a public computer while at the in which has been working with the security task has also now hired a private security firm to monitor its a spokesman Madden in a lot of ways these emails only further demonstrate the high standard to which athletes in the US are what is concerning to us as well as anyone else who truly values the spirit of is the clear and malicious violation of we hope get lost in the headlines is that these athletes have done everything asked of have been held to the highest standard and are now being forced to watch as a group attempts to create fake Fancy Bears have published documents showing that over 100 athletes have taken Among them were revelations that had taken the restricted drugs and between 2010 and while Biles was given for disorder and was allowed to take the powerful corticosteroid triamcinolone before the 2011 and 2012 Tour and the 2013 Giro In all the athletes had been granted by the relevant international sports federations and national and insisted that no wrongdoing had States in doping 
The student leader spoke in to the chanting crowd at the elite University of The told his peers that he was frustrated over the university lack of clarity about whether tuition would rise as much as 40 percent in response to flailing economy and floating currency. said that he was so frustrated that he thought about blocking the campus gate with his a Golf. should be an economic he declared. For hundreds of students have been marching through the demanding a cap on their tuition. The demonstrations are the largest and at the institution in reflecting how economic woes have touched nearly everybody in this stratified society of 91 million people. While the poor have scrambled to find food staples and to absorb price increases of even a and wealthy are more and shopping putting their savings into stable assets like real bank bonds and and even waiting to have children. the economic crisis hits the it means the suffering is all over the said the vice president of the student union. we afford we can tell how much other people are Some may sneer at the problems of the children of and worried about tuition increases that dwarf the salaries of the vast legions of impoverished. But generations of graduates of the University have helped lead business and nonprofit so any problem on the campus can spiral outward with magnified effect. are the one prominent television said in a recent as if expecting a collective eye roll among his audience. but you want to have some educated people in this The University protests began a week after the university administration staged a forum to discuss the repercussions of the central decision to decrease the value of the pound against the in an effort to thwart currency traders and shore up the economy. The pound is now trading at about 15 per up from 8.8 on when the pound was floated. The decision was part of a government effort to win a billion loan from the International Monetary which came through last But for students whose tuition is tied to the United States the currency flotation threatened to translate to an instant increase in to about 187,000 pounds a year for the cheapest from about 133,000 pounds. The 6,559 students are the apex of an elite group of 111,600 students enrolled at private where the curriculum is often taught in and fees reach thousands of dollars each semester. The vast majority of the 1.8 million university students attend ramshackle public often looking at the elite campuses with envy and disdain. Though the fees have long been out of reach for most of its students receive scholarships based on financial according to the and some families sell off assets to pay for the education. who is 20 and studying said that her a sold two apartments that was meant to inherit to cover her tuition. money is good for another two if the tuition stays the Ms. said. tuition might reach a quarter of a million pounds. dead The effects of the foundering economy on the middle class may pale compared with the suffering of poor people now unable to afford basic but that does not mean they are not felt. At a mall that was all but abandoned one recent clothing prices at were going up so fast that the tags were obsolete and a cashier was informing customers of the new prices instead. Outside another nearly empty one said that she and her husband were putting off having children because of the unstable economy. Many workers said they had been since gas prices rose to the equivalent of 21 cents a liter this up from 16 cents. Many others have lost jobs because their employers can no longer afford to import raw or because sales have contracted. and his pregnant Ala worked at an pharmaceutical research and development company. They said they were out for sushi one night last month when they saw emails on their announcing a meeting the next day to discuss their future. they they turned up at the office to find themselves and 20 colleagues locked out fired. are just sitting at home depressed said. looking for jobs Other have tried to stave off losing their savings by purchasing bonds and gold Sales of gold are up 30 to 40 percent this according to who represents gold sellers in the Union of Chambers of Commerce. But many it woke up the day after the currency was floated and found their savings had been halved. live at a certain and hard to go said a widow who had cut back on food and dialed down her electricity trying to keep her daughter in a private school whose tuition is 1,700 pounds a month. Timothy a nonresident fellow at the Institute for Middle East said that wealthy spent a significant amount on and that most private schools based tuition on the value of the because they had many foreigners as faculty members. tuition which already went up 6 percent for this academic year is particularly vulnerable to currency fluctuations. One half of the tuition is set in the other half in United States but students generally pay the total in according to the official rate set at the central bank on the day they are paying. After the student protests the university administration agreed to keep this fees based on the 8.8 pound per dollar regardless of when they are paid. Now students are worried about next semester. will not be a quick fix or an instant the university J. said in a statement. are looking at ways now to ensure that no student is forced to leave due to inability to pay too late for a mechanical engineering who spoke on the condition that his family name not be used because he was ashamed of his situation. said that he relied on a scholarship to cover 30 percent of his which he expected to jump to 230,000 pounds a year from about 170,000. His the principal of an upscale private would not be able to afford it. I am looking for another said. dreams have been thrown
How managed to lose an election to a candidate as divisive and unpopular as Trump will baffle observers and Democrats for years to come. Once the some glimpses of rational explanation may become visible. Incumbent parties rarely hold on to power after eight years in office. following was an but politics has become steadily more since and pendulums have a habit of Trump won the volatility and a common touch Read defiance of expectations has itself also become somewhat of a golden rule in politics in 2016. Written off repeatedly during the Republican and only rarely taken seriously during the general he nonetheless the same mood that led to vote to leave the Union and Democrats in 22 US states to nominate Sanders. Fairly or it is an establishment with which could not have been more closely aligned in the minds of many voters if she economy the was a phrase coined by her adviser in the 1992 election in many it ought to have helped Democrats again in 2016. helped rescue the US from the financial crash and presided over a record series of consecutive quarters of job growth. Unfortunately for many simply did not feel as positive. Stagnant wage levels and soaring inequality were symptoms of the malaise felt by many voters. Trump successfully convinced them to believe this was caused by bad trade deals and a rigged economy. Despite being pushed in this direction by Sanders in the Democratic never really found a satisfactory response. Her on trade sounded and was later proved by leaked emails unconvincing at deeply cynical at worst. Neither socialism nor the homilies of Trump offered much in the way of coherent alternatives but the bottom line was that simply failed to articulate a convincing of modern capitalism. Twitter How the 2016 US election night One big problem which undermined many otherwise plausible policy positions was a lack of trust. Paid speeches to and a murky web of business connections to the family charity left many doubting sincerity on matters of money and much else. That the Federal Bureau of Investigation was investigating the Democratic candidate until just two days before voting with a view to bring possible criminal charges for her flouting of data security laws was just the most extreme manifestation of the issue. It was damaging not just that the bungled its timing of what ultimately proved to be a investigation but because it played into the notion that the behaved as if the law did not apply to vacuum It also did not help that what was selling was mainly herself. The strongest message was that she was uniquely qualified to become president. This was largely especially when compared with the grotesquely inexperienced but big ideas took a backstage role. There was a cast of a thousand policy from tweaks to the system to a version of the Sanders college debt proposals. Few were even among supporters. Campaign slogans are notoriously vacuous. and turned out to be more of the former than the latter. Yet only really began to take shape in response to divisiveness. It was attractive to many Democrats as a symbol of what they felt the campaign was about but it ensured the battle was fought on we got a complete of historic US election Read more Amid the special attention is likely to be reserved for the who showed clinging to a comfortable or lead in national opinion polls going into the election. such as 538 flagged up the risk of an upset in key swing but even he had downgraded expectations of a Trump win to less than on the eve of polling. The failure partly reflects a broken industry. Reaching a vast audience no longer using or even mobile voice calls with a modeling of statistical sampling has produced dangerously misleading results in elections around the world of late. But the US fortune tellers were particularly confused by the scrambled demographics of the 2016 election. Trump in many ways ran to left on some economic with a populist appeal to a growing group of unaffiliated and yet analysts continued to assume that if registered Democrats were voting or telling pollsters they were going to it meant a vote for That all changed in a ground zero for a political bombshell that will mean the US electoral map never looks the same elections 
A coroner is investigating the circumstances surrounding the sudden deaths of three all believed to be first at one of top universities within weeks of the new academic year the causes of the deaths will have to be established by the tribute and pages for two of the three suggested they had taken their own University of Bristol said the deaths were not being treated as suspicious and were not connected but it would carry out its own investigations to find out if lessons could be to a survey by the National Union of Students published last eight out of 10 students said they had experienced mental health issues in the previous year and a third said they had had suicidal of the students who died has been named as from who was just three weeks into her first term. An page set up to raise money for the charity which works to prevent young people from killing said had died three days after she to take her own Bristol student deaths highlight campus crisis in mental health Read message on the page suffered with depression and anxiety a lot of her teenage life We blame the stigma of her illness for her death. It restricted the help she the support and the She was studying philosophy and was a member of the Jazz Funk Soul Bristol according to an email to students from the union announcing her said support was available for students and grief and understanding what has happened will affect us all differently. is important to let this happen in its own time. Talk to each to your to your residence pastoral team and to your second first year student who died was the law student from in On an tribute page his family have lost our loveliest and only son. took his own life last week. He was considerate to the end by leaving us a loving letter which helps us to respect and accept his choice. May he rest in A university spokesperson we can confirm there have been three unrelated student deaths this term. These events are always extremely upsetting and our thoughts are with the families and student welfare services are offering support to anyone affected. It would be inappropriate for us to comment on the cause of these deaths until the coroner has undertaken independent although we understand that there are no suspicious circumstances surrounding University of Bristol has around 22,000 students. We of be investigating if there is anything we need to do to learn from these sad events but we have no reason to believe they represent a wider University student living said the was working hard to improve pastoral university can be extremely difficult. Some new students are without their support networks from home for the first and will be experiencing new academic and social fees mean that students are also increasingly under a great deal of financial with many taking on work alongside their studies. Many people will also experience complex mental health regardless of their of 
John will not perform at J. inauguration in contrary to a report from a member of transition a publicist for the singer said on the member of the presidential transition made the claim during an interview on the program this week. But the publicist for the issued a strong denial by He will NOT be who founded the investment firm Capital and has referred to himself as a gay rights used his appearance on the show to discuss his own stance on marriage. He said that Trump shared his views. A snippet of that interview was subsequently published by The New which also initially reported claim that John planned to perform on 20 in will be the first president in history that enters the White House with a said on the show. John is going to be doing our concert on the mall for the The Post later said that John had denied its initial report. Emails and telephone calls requesting comment from were not immediately but on he admonished someone on Twitter who suggested he had lied about appearance. drop the wrote. was an honest impression that I got wrong. It was a and you can see I thought it was denial is the second false alarm in a week involving inaugural entertainment prospects. On the musician said that his invitation to play at the inauguration had been rescinded after Trump won the election. On the campaign Trump had few celebrity supporters. still unclear who will perform at the inauguration. No major musician has stepped but and Kid Rock were among those who voiced their enthusiasm for candidacy. Rock performed at an inauguration event for in Securing a performance by would have been a long He performed at a for last month. a longtime activist and the founder of the John AIDS has been an outspoken critic of The singer told the news site in that the possibility of a Trump victory made him for the when it came to helping raise awareness of and spurring activism for treating and curing marginalize already doing John said. The Daily Beast reported in that two of and were among preferred songs to play on the campaign trail. John suggested to The Guardian that asking to use his music might be a better choice.
on What were you hoping a hilarious story to and a hangover the next lives in charming and easy on the did you talk and our shared love of awkward he kissed me in front of a very old couple who were staring at table of us has. You should have seen the state of the tablecloth when we thing about spare ticket to see Four the next you introduce him to your If I had in three do you think he made of and hopefully you go on stayed at the restaurant quite and had plenty of wine and espresso did you sure you could change one thing about the evening what would it the hot waiter joined out of you meet his dreams. Just on were you hoping who a total psychopath and seems nice and almost as blond as did you talk and the town where both and The are awkward asked pretty sexual but I found it table good with thing about got my you introduce him to your invited her up to see my Read in three do you think he made of I you go on were quite so did you we you could change one thing about the evening what would it bottle of wine out of you meet swapped numbers. We go to the same so and ate at a blind Email For a free go to Guardian 
The ousted chairman of has issued an excoriating critique of the conglomerate and its leadership as he accused the business of causing to his hit back this week after the corporation that owns Jaguar Land Rover and the Port announced his departure with sources close to the firm citing a of His exit followed disagreements with a scion of founding who will take over as interim chairman until a successor is has lashed out at the company and its senior executives in a lengthy email to board some of whom were present at the meeting that ended his tenure. He said he was beyond at being cannot believe I was removed on grounds of Apart from the invalidity and illegality of the business that was I have to say the the board of directors has not covered itself in with your chairman without so much as a word of explanation and without affording him an opportunity of defending himself in a summary manner must be unique in the annals of corporate said he was writing to the total lack of corporate at the warning that the abrupt decision and lack of explanation had my reputation and the reputation of the Group immeasurable harm. All this does not augur well for the future of the acrimonious nature of departure could herald future clashes because the family has an stake in the largest shareholding not held by the expressed his concern that a string of including Port steelworks owner Steel were likely to see their notional value slashed by realistic assessment of the fair value of these businesses could potentially result in a over time of about Rs 118,000 he said. Twitter will take over as interim chairman until a successor is found. Times via has been at the heart of negotiations with the company about merging their steel raising doubts about the impact his departure will have on the future of the Port site in Wales. is also in talks with the government about financial support for Steel which employs 11,000 and a restructuring of the pension scheme. has warned that Steel will be included in a deal with only if talks with the government are reserved particular criticism for highlighting the appetite for expansion of the man he took over from in 2012 and citing plans for a partnership with airline Air as evidence. into my our foray into the aviation sector began when ushered me into his office and handed me a report on Air he said. He claimed wanted to forge a partnership with Air something to which strongly objected. was hard but concluded by saying he had been forced into the position of a chairman. I would be lying if I said I am not I have a sense of pride and dignity intact in the efforts I have taken to and regardless of the outcome if I now and investors in were shocked by the sudden schism in the company. has become renowned for continuity and with spending more than two decades as chairman before making way for a brief the said on that was stepping down after a was taken at a board meeting held here But the which makes a range of from cars to gave no public reason for the surprise departure of after four years in charge. said its committee would aim to find a new chairman within four months. It also issued a rallying cry from urging the various units act as leaders in their respective markets and enhance returns to companies must focus on their market position and not compare themselves to their own past. The drive must be on leadership rather than to said 
we operate on innuendo the way the revealed a new investigation of emails possibly linked to private email a move that has rocked the US presidential election in its final stretch. do think that there is a norm that when there are we operate on told the outlet operate on incomplete information. We operate on leaks. We operate based on concrete decisions that are addressing a rally in traditionally red told supporters the is in play for the first time in In front of a crowd of 15,000 one of the largest of her campaign she lambasted attacks on and women and said she wanted to be the first Democratic candidate since Bill in 1996 to win the state. during a campaign rally in Jewel key confidante of provided new details about the of who served as a back channel to give him broad tips in advance about releases of emails to and from key allies of Roger a longtime unofficial adviser to the Republican presidential was briefed in general terms in advance about the sensitive and embarrassing leaked Democratic emails by an libertarian who works in the media on the he told the Guardian in an woman who is suing Trump for allegedly raping her as a child abandoned a plan to speak publicly citing death threats. The known by the pseudonym hid from media who were invited to her office for a press conference in which she was expected to reveal her identity. Doe has received numerous threats today as have all the Trump accusers that I have attorney Bloom told a room full of frustrated reporters. has decided she is too afraid to show her face. She has been here all ready to do but unfortunately she is in terrible fear. going to have to reschedule. I apologize to all of you who came. I have nothing an interview with a New radio New senator declared that she would not want her daughter in the same room as either Republican presidential nominee Trump or former president Bill want my daughter in the room with any of according to the point of you why would I want my daughter in the room with You and this about my daughter. I love my daughter and you obviously being a mom is a very important to Duke is escorted from debate. a senate former leader Duke was asked about an article on his website that made numerous and repeated references to in a story about a leaked video that showed Republican presidential nominee Trump bragging about sexually assaulting women. lemme tell you something we have to start talking openly about any Duke there is a problem in with a very tribal group that dominates our media and dominates our international The camp are certainly on their Twitter game this evening was born in to be Griffin watching the Cubs win 2016 And wins the Twitter race. Perhaps Trump is having an early did 108 years later and the drought is finally over. Way to make 2016 soothsayer the signs a man's custom Cubs jersey and notes that 2016 is the year both will win. 2015 In the other the Cubs won the world series. No tweets from either candidate yet can they be far but confirmation that at least one of them was you're did indeed watch that. In her car in the motorcade in on 2016 Reports have said the crowd tonight topped which is impressive given the competition for attention tonight. Will no one think of the press corps watching on the bus. via 2016 latest of the latest forecast gives a chance to win the Guardian on whether the polls really are tightening and whether it matters helps Trump in polls but will it affect election Read more And with that is giving her time to catch the end of the world series which is going Series 2016 Game Cubs v Read more are on the path to one of the biggest turnouts in history make that the story of this she want any of us to wake up next week and think is probably a sentiment shared by many people of whatever political state is in play for the first time in tells the last Democrat to win she my husband in 1996 one of the many reasons Bill and I love We have a real chance to turn this state blue again. swings back to climate says she has a plan to boost renewable energy and help communities prepare for the effects of climate she think a hoax. I think there was a brief mention of tackling climate change there. More than in the I as claims making lists is a this more of a collection of
has said he considered quitting the Conservative party in the House of Lords after being convinced by to vote to cut tax who told the Evening Standard he had not formally quit the but would prefer to sit as an has only voted in the Lords about 30 times in his 19 years in the the who is worth an estimated was for returning from the US to vote against a Lords amendment that would delay tax credits cut for three but the measure still failed to pass. who said afterwards he did not make the journey to the specifically to said he had been led to believe the policy would be dropped shortly afterwards. thought it was he said. have an email in which I deeply worried if I come but we were asked to vote and were given assurances that the chancellor was going to rescind The experience and the criticism made him so uncomfortable he considered retiring from the he said. was put in as an not as a working he said. as lobby fodder. fed up with the fact that I keep being asked now to go in and vote for things about which I have said he would not follow the whip automatically again. if I resign from the Conservative party it would make people start he told the trailing off. a slightly damned if you damned if you situation. I would like to be an independent. would like to be a if I but doing that is quite a rigmarole and there are more important things in my who created musicals including Phantom of the and said he resented how the Lords had changed in the past two saying it was now full of when before peers had tended to vote with their conscience. remember saying when I was offered it although deeply I have an active career and be a part of a house that is about he said. would only take the title on the understanding that I would come in on issues to which I could contribute. they enough voices with practical experience of the arts or and we would like you to be who was made Lord in said he had minimal contact with the current or previous governments. John he was a friend and of the most underestimated but had embraced me or talked to and so many errors of judgment it worried May was not in he but he had opposed the leaving the and feared she would cut arts funding. arts have never been more vital in he said. arts are the one thing that appeal right across all forms of creed of 
has used a summit on reducing greenhouse gas emissions to lobby the US energy minister in support of the development of one of the largest by the environment and energy Josh at the won the of the announced daily by the Climate Action Network to the countries that perform the worst at climate the fossil of the day the activists ratified the agreement last so lobbying for coal expansion at the United Nations climate negotiations is an ugly thing to be doing. Shape the Climate Potato in the truth about fossil fuel lobbyists First Dog on the Moon Read said he raised concerns with the US energy that Democratic party colleagues were associated with US activists who were trying to stop in the mine goes it would be the biggest in and one of the biggest in the world. The annual emissions from burning the coal it produces would be similar to that of the whole of or and more than New it was revealed that among the funders of one activist the Sunrise was the charitable the Sunrise Project had been involved in campaigns to try to stop and port expansions going revelations came from hacked emails of campaign John released by They show was made aware of some of the Sunrise leaked emails reignited a campaign against the charitable status of environment report in the newspaper is a key target in a war against coal which has set a priority of shutting out of paper said in an should decide what mining projects are opened up in this country and the circumstances in which they authority rests with democratically elected representatives and established government processes. It does not belong with overseas governments prospective US presidents or their meddling international activists or local vigilante litigants funded by took up this issue directly with the reported. A spokesperson for told Guardian issue was raised by with noted the issue raised concerns in and reiterated that had a very effective environmental approvals process and that a large amount of conditions attached to the mine climate US accepts petition calling for fossil fuel lobbyists to be excluded Read the email leaks in head of the Sunrise John told Guardian he was surprised the emails were considered newsworthy and said the and the Minerals Council of were acting saying that we need to guard our sovereignty from environmental when the mining in is he said. put if not of millions of dollars into a massive public relations machine that is sustained and ongoing over time. They have incredible influence and revolving doors between the highest levels of politics and their lobby international mining companies dropped into a campaign to prevent a new tax on their industry in doing a prime minister. And that is the big issue in terms of national climate change conference gas climate 
For an individual who has been described as secretive and the blazing spotlight under which now finds herself must be a deeply uncomfortable place. For 20 years she has built a career out of being the trusted adviser and friend whose influence may be ubiquitous but is wielded firmly behind the finds herself front and center in one of the strangest and most contentious presidential elections in US history. As agents begin to pore over thousands of emails that were reportedly found on a laptop she apparently shared with her estranged the former congressman her role has suddenly switched from that of loyal servant to number one threat to the Democratic hopes of winning the lose the US election because of the email Read information has emerged since the dropped his bombshell about a fresh batch of emails that could be pertinent to the investigation into use of a private server while she was US secretary of state. Up to 650,000 emails were reportedly found on the shared among them several thousand that might have passed between her and her raising renewed questions about potential breaches of security explosive announcement landed at a supremely bad time for both women. For it has shaken what looked to be a smooth final sprint to victory in next presidential for it has put a question mark over what was widely expected to be a senior role some have even speculated chief of staff in a White House. Twitter is no in email investigation would be a distraction were she to be given a prominent position such as chief of forcing the new administration on to the said professor of political science at University. could derail any attempt to initiate many of the proposals has talked is far from the first time that the bond has been tested by a scandal engulfing the rambunctious and troubled In when was five months pregnant and working as deputy chief of staff in state her husband was forced to stand down from his congressional seat after he inadvertently tweeted a lewd photograph intended for a woman in to his 45,000 years when he attempted a comeback run for New he was struck low again when his digital dealings with a woman calling herself Leathers were exposed. Then this summer was revealed to have had an relationship with an allegedly underage leading to the announcement of legal separation from him in and in time to the current investigation into his and the thick of all has stood by her woman. It may have had something to do with their shared experience of marital first started as an intern in as the then first coterie was called in the East in two years before President Bill was impeached for his liaison with a West Wing it may be that the two women have simply grown inseparable with the passing of the to the extent that has variously been dubbed and her From that modest beginning as a has risen from a glorified maid through chief of staff during first run at the presidency in to the state department position and now of 2016 presidential union is so close that is said to carry cellphone in her prompting Bill to complain that even he get past the gets warrant as told he may have broken law Read the shared stories about our shared more meals than I can celebrated mourned told Vogue earlier this year. different about the current crisis is that though its root may have been yet again its danger stems directly from own conduct rather than indirectly in her role as wronged wife. Though it remains unclear exactly if transgressions might be revealed by the latest her position is complicated by the fact that in she swore under oath that she had already handed over all devices on which she may have had state department emails a deposition in which she appears to have forgotten to have mentioned the shared far there is no sign of turning against her faithful with John chair of the presidential fully stand behind But with Fox News invoking the word a new conspiracy appears to be well under this be one wrench too far for the the closeness of the two Baker an agreement among political people that even friendship must give way to necessity and no one understands that better than elections 
Trump called the of a on prompting the candidate who threatens to beat Trump in to retort that the Republican nominee was Trump fan chanting behaved in way Read launched his quixotic presidential campaign in presenting himself as an alternative for conservatives who do not want to vote for Trump. A and former operative with the has shot into competition in his native He is only a few points behind Trump in the deeply religious where many have rejected the businessman in the wake of accusations of harassment and sexual an interview with Fox News on Trump directed his ire toward whom he had previously ignored. takes votes away from this man who I never heard he running Mike said the ever heard of going from coffee shop to coffee Trump apparently alluding to local campaign stops. a thing. He do anything. But he hurts us in then blamed Bill a conservative pundit with whom the businessman has feuded for more than a for bringing a potential spoiler into the race. a he said. called me wrong. called everything wrong. called the wars wrong. Everything he does is wrong. He gets his puppet to go and run in The guy takes votes away from argued that could deliver a national victory to costing Republicans the ability to approve supreme court nominees the issue of most concern to many wavering conservatives. means probably going to lose the supreme court of the United States for 60 he said. that time it because we have a country replied on never heard of me because while you were harassing women at beauty I was fighting terrorists an liberal who disrespects liberty he continued. trust you on justices. You think entitled to and other votes. earning them. will not sit by while two big government liberals like you and destroy our continued to attack. is a man who has unhealthy relationships and admiration for dictators he told Meet the Press. believe that he has some of the same ideas about leadership or domination that they do. I think dishonest with the people. are his tax We know much about and Trump camps duel over director's late email revelation Read went on to call Trump to our and who understand the acknowledged that he had no path to the 270 electoral college votes necessary to win the and instead said he hoped for the unlikely scenario of stopping the major party nominees reaching that which would send the election to the House of Representatives. He did not answer questions about whether he felt comfortable knowing his success in could help win the election and said he remained that the Republican party could be reformed after its marriage to also said that he has received no financial support from Mitt the 2012 nominee and a fellow who has emphatically denounced would welcome said. not the elections 
In the frenetic dash to election will swing through the usual key target states for any Democratic North and will visit the Grand Canyon State for the first time since winning the Democratic a move that signals the increasing confidence in her chances of turning a traditionally red state is very said an associate professor in the school of politics and global studies at State of a visit from a Democratic presidential nominee. Democrats have carried the state only once since Harry was in Bill in 1996. If the campaign is this confident to make a play for she is serious about her chances of winning the campaign is this confident that it makes sense to make a play for she is serious about her chances of winning said. The hope of a victory in largely rests with the rapidly growing a group Trump repeatedly has antagonized throughout his campaign. As many as one in five eligible voters in are but turnout rates have lagged behind those of other a senior campaign aide said on of the race in think about even right number of polls in the past few months have shown slightly ahead or within striking distance of Trump in the Grand Canyon State. The polling average has Trump ahead by about one percentage campaign rallies in Las and Phoenix on is expected to appeal directly to voters in an effort to harness the backlash against Trump into a surge of support for her campaign. The Democratic nominee will rail against policy on immigration and offer her candidacy as a riposte to the divisive campaign he has run in a speech that highlights the disparaging comments he has made about and a federal judge of according to a campaign aide. In she will be introduced by the parents of an native who was killed by a roadside bomb in the aide said. The parents appeared in a ad for Twitter How does the US electoral college visit is a continuation of the vigorous push in the state. Early last the campaign announced that it had ramped up its efforts in the investing another to be spent on and digital advertising as well as voter registration of her the campaign released on a pair of and and radio ads aimed at mobilizing the community against Trump. The ads are titled million a reference to the estimated number of eligible voters. asks could Democrats sweep the Read running mate will deliver a speech entirely in at a community center in Phoenix and will hold a rally at a high school in a rare blue bastion in the the campaign deployed top surrogates to rally troops in the including Senator and first lady Before took the stage in the crowd heard from congressman a Democrat. are officially a swing he boomed into the drawing loud applause from the more than 6,000 people who turned out to see the first lady decision to compete in is based on assessment of including internal polling and early voter numbers. Campaign manager said that based on early analytics showed a higher than anticipated turnout there among minority young women and aides have repeatedly said that they believe is a true battleground state and not a potential cherry atop a pleasing electoral map. stealing the red state would all but deny Trump a path to an electoral college an campaign spokesman said on Twitter last week. a true battleground. Perhaps even more right now than some other places been on visit to less than a week before voters go to the polls was made before the announcement that the was reviewing emails related to her private server while she was secretary of and perhaps reflects a confidence that has been somewhat dented since then. Trump has visited seven including once to give a major speech on immigration in which he doubled down on his improbable but central campaign build a border wall that is paid for by an indulgence. a true campaign also touts endorsements from two of the most stalwart former governor known for ushering through a immigration law that inspired a rash of copycat and County sheriff who has been charged with contempt of court for disobeying a order in a racial profiling who faces a difficult has embraced new polling that shows the race tightening as reason to spend his finally days campaigning in traditionally Democratic states like New and expects visit to the desert will energize Democrats across the state and may help boost voter registration. A victory in the historically red state could prove to be the start of a political shift or it could be twist in a wild election the big said. the answer we just have to wait and elections 
Here is this tunes picked by a reader from your suggestions after last Thanks for them all. Read more about how our weekly readers recommend series works at the end of the week our collective sought out some tunes that praised the most necessary and fundamental of all the fruits of our toils. I want to prelude the with a few words from poet famed for his cheese ever lyrical in his praise of a treasured dairy product. The ancient poets did was land of imagined it could this cold land of ice and everything did solid hoped or looked for cheese. Twitter The we meet the man thanks to the 1966 we can traversing the fields with his ... exactly is it that he is we might Next we celebrate watermelon of I am there are with the Lovely Eggs perhaps what the White Stripes would have been like had they come from Little Feat make the cut with Down on the next mainly because of the frog at the start of the song and the fine groove that follows the silencing of the little was hoping someone would dig up the Down on Farm sure disappointed. The banjo plucking on this is a thing of simple beauty and the lyrics though telling of hard times spry and lively. trio take us to the old time as we try to follow the are those jazz sprouts we see on sale some bebop takes the money and opens the Mushroom winning his place mainly due to the presence in the video of a guitar when as it is with a is something I find irresistible. The sign of someone who knows a characterful guitar when he hears up Arrogant Worms take us to the darker side of farming with Carrot Juice is Murder. Something to ponder there. L did experiments looking into the pain tomatoes feel who can that even vegetarianism is without like our introductory celebrate all things cheesy with Why is it always their play on Why Does it Always Rain on a good but I help but feel that the presence in our shops of small triangles of dairy delight may well be a true indicator of just how we really are. as nominator fact that one of the band derives his nickname from an animal byproduct is known as has to be a celebrate hipster name derives from the they from the to your dinner every mouthful is history and culture on a fork if you linking with the and joining together poverty and pretentiousness in one fell up the rear is a different kind of thanks to Spinal Tap we can celebrate food not only for the stomach but also for the loins with Sex Farm and with that I shall leave you to the furrow of your choice enjoy these tunes as much as I how to join new theme will be announced at on 17 You have until on 21 to submit a reminder of some of the guidelines for you have a good theme or if like to volunteer to compile a from suggestions and write a about please email is a wealth of data on including the songs that are at the It also tells you the meaning of and other strange words used by regulars also congregate at the and 
He must be disappointed by that typo in the first line of the email. That was my first thought when the following landed in my might sound shocking and but I feel shocked or threatened. This was just another day on the where people disproportionately people of color and queer people are intimidated and threatened. what writer describes as a ceaseless flickering hum of emotional women abandoned to their abusers Read around the same time I assume the same signed me up to a which meant I received thousands of unsolicited email newsletter within a few hours. Thankfully filters learn but it took a 20 minutes of flagging messages to clean up my a mild irritation. Meanwhile on someone else was sending me pornographic and asking whether penis size matters for a I blocked as sure I will have to block many others in the future in a tedious game of would love to say that this is but not. In go as far as to say that this feels entirely just your regular rape threats and dreary dick For one of my is dealing with racial slurs or having her profile photo edited to have For a male people telling him to commit suicide or saying they want his kids to die. If we complain about these either overreacting or feeding the trolls. But if we speak letting them get away with it. by this we fall back on swatting the antagonists away like flies perhaps as a coping telling ourselves that normal. Most of the the flies are few and far between. But you only have to look at the relentless campaigns of hate against public figures like actor and comedian diver Tom or games developer to see what happens when the flies form a swarm. It becomes exhausting and incredibly difficult for the individual or the police to make on what constitutes a credible in the media you are familiar with how things work but for an average person these types of interactions could be said author of This Is Why We Have Nice how did we get And what should we do about Many are aggrieved white men who feel like they given the fantasy life they were author of bullies have always found ways to antagonize but digital tools have given them new powers. Fifty years ago if you wanted to wind up a you could write anonymous messages and leave them on his or her could tease that but there would be no archive and it be amplified. It could potentially be upsetting but it be indexed in said the ability of search to index abuse or what she calls that changes the ethical stakes. Your history follows you meaning those targeted struggle to move on and have a fresh and have been part of the since its inception a side effect of anonymity and unfettered free both critical pillars of the web. Once restricted to niche forums and with their own codes of ubiquitous social media has brought it into the used to be so few people occupying those spaces and the people who were were a lot more than what you see said means more and more just teenagers in their basements. A lot of them are otherwise very well adjusted normal adult men with wives and children and said author of of them fall into the camp of very aggrieved middle aged white men who feel like they given the fantasy life they were owed. They tend to take it out on people who are successful or present in a way that makes them feel not to say that white men get harassed but that harassment is more frequently directed at members of historically underrepresented populations whose voices have not always been privileged. people who have always had their voices taken seriously tend to be the said arguing that it comes from a sense of Trump that same sense of disenfranchisement that propelled Trump to the White House with a campaign that normalized says absurdly offensive degrading things about women and people of color and specific groups whether whatever. He says these terrible things and that normalizes hate speech in mainstream discourse. so normal to open up or any news and see says tenor of discourse that Trump and his associates have been engaging in has emboldened some people to say are in charge now and we can say whatever we adds a student at School of Communication and comments about sexually harassing women are a reflection of the normalization of violence against threats and rape threats are a form of domination that has been used against women for all of time. It ties into seeing women as not fully human and having their value contingent on whether or not they are worthy of said in an effort to draw attention to the ends up amplifying it. publications might be trying to troll but some are just calling attention to it. But inadvertently or not it ends up more problematic said opens up the vexing question of whether or not to feed the trolls. wary of that framing as it comes with a undercurrent. The message is you give them attention you get said suggests keeping a record of posts in case a situation escalates and then reporting the perpetrator where possible. Individuals should make up their minds about whether they mute or following safety guides like this one or this offers an alternative way to handle such by creating a to an explicit against these behaviors as opposed to repeating she said. about taking more control of that so that the antagonist is no longer the center of the suggests the rest of the community can help here. solidarity is asking how you can help is important. Basically trying to take a stand and say is not same behaviors that can marginalize and denigrate and traumatize can really bring a group making them feel good and paltry effort was to take a of the email and share it on Twitter with a pithy comment mocking the sender. It was not an act of fear or a cry for but an act of I am not intimidated by you and I am not alone. The post triggered messages of support and wonderful jokes from friends and acquaintances that reminded me of all of the lovely people on the like Choice very we might say that still in the early stages of settlement and that we will all start to become more civilized. and others might rally to create better tools for tackling the abuse and real threats towards law a but not a fix. The disproportionate harassment of people of color and queer people reflects underlying culturally embodied issues. These are problems that exist being brought to attention in new and imaginative problems have nothing to do with the so the idea that we could have an solution is said need to deal with and mitigate systemic racism and sexism. How do you get rid of rape The fact that women tell themselves stories to justify the horrible treatment they receive speaks to the depth of the cultural issues that underpin the free speech US and Silicon Valley in particular has a very specific libertarian view of free typified by John Declaration of Independence of which cannot separate the air that chokes from the air upon which wings to clamp down on harassment are frequently described as infringing on free especially in the US. just people expressing their opinions no matter how sexist or unpalatable. And so society appeals to the right to protect the words of certainly true that censorship is damaging to but the damage is taking place in the opposite direction. you cede the floor to the most bigoted contributors that tends to marginalize and silence members of the group they are said leads to a reduction in the number of voices contributing to all in the name of free speech. A more robust understanding of free speech is about trying to cultivate and protect the greatest amount of speech from the most diverse groups of people. about having more people not fewer people as eloquently puts silences and that infringes free speech far more significantly than telling some asshole to shut his 
going for mention might have grabbed the headlines since Prince Regent chose it for his dirty plus the Down From seaside of but what use is that if no one can afford to live If talking do you know who lived in For only one to observe and write The Importance Of Being but still. That tale of crystalline social class is Worthing to a T. You come here for the high but for leafy a seaside terraces a bit cheaper than other seasides we might and a decent if undemanding cultural life. Plus it has a secret weapon up its sleeve. You want Guess which pop band came from The Ordinary Boys. Case case against Much of it is Terry country. Not cheap baby boomer Its elegance is thanks to maddening demolitions past. The is a bit The soon find out 22-26 to 83 at the mercy of the a or more to the same to the among many good and are High for St High for Worthing High and Catholic High are all out and are popular local restaurants. I like the Sea Lane to buy The has remnants of the old fishing town West and dense streets of terraces and town houses east and look around and along the seafront. West of the station are fine avenues of town houses and semis around Park and off to Goring. For head north and and Large and town and smaller town Terraces and a a of the week Not a but at this postwar terrace in Goring is good with move to faded but what a beach Read the streets moved here after being priced out of We love for its squid and the Dome which is frozen in time but great value. There are three but all served by Southern Palfrey in a with a eccentric Live in Join the debate you live in St Do you have a haunt or pet If email by 1 move to 
The has acquired a warrant to investigate emails found on a laptop used by an aide to as part of its investigation into the Democratic presidential use of a private email move came as senior Senate Democrats made an extraordinary attack on the head of the on over the new with the Senate minority Harry warning he may have broken the a scathing actions in recent months have demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive with what appears to be a clear intent to aid one political party over office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch which bars officials from using their official authority to influence an election. Through your partisan you may have broken the email inquiry is chief's latest controversy Read Hatch Act limits the political activity of federal for instance barring them from seeking public office or using their authority influence to interfere with or affect the result of an congressman on night called for to resign. He said letter plainly careless and unprecedented in its potential impact upon a presidential election without a speck of information regarding the emails in their substance or light of the recent comments by Director I call on him to resign. Read my full statement former attorney general Holder joined dozens of former federal prosecutors in signing a letter critical of letter obtained on by the Associated Press said broke from justice department policy when he alerted Congress to the new discovery of emails potentially related to the email policy is meant to prevent the appearance of prosecutors affecting the electoral former prosecutors said in the letter that disclosure had uninformed public about the significance of the a brief letter to congressional leaders on 11 days before the said he did not yet know whether the newly discovered emails were pertinent or significant. The Trump trailing in national seized on the which the candidate himself said was indicative of a scandal than went without citing to accuse of withholding information about the investigation into hacks on Democratic allegedly by security and possible links with various former advisers to Trump. In wrote to to express concern over alleged links between Trump sources and the is no danger to interests from releasing said. you continue to resist calls to inform the public of this critical as soon as you came into possession of the slightest innuendo related to Secretary you rushed to publicize it in the most negative light other senior Senate Democrats and Carper have written to since he announced the demanding a full briefing on the new emails by emails belong to a longtime and were found during an investigation into estranged over allegations that he sent sexual messages to an underage girl. On anonymous officials told the Associated Press that investigators had known for weeks that they might find pertinent emails on his but that was not briefed until the Wall Street Journal reported that there are about 650,000 emails to including possibly thousands sent to or from private server. In announced that the had found no intentional or criminal wrongdoing in use of a private server while secretary of although he called her practices letter was reportedly sent against the advice of top justice department including the attorney and he admitted in a leaked memo to staff that it was a break from policy and precedent to announce a email probe is a fitting end to this dumpster fire of an election Read directors have historically shied from public attention. Even J the controversial and ambitious first head of the studiously protected his own served as deputy attorney general under W Bush and was appointed to head the by He was a Republican for most of his though he told Congress in that he is no longer registered with the on top officials in and campaigns dueled over the new review. John campaign and running assailed for defying convention with so few details so close to election day. Both called on to release more information about the content of the was an unprecedented told echoing what has become the official defense. justice department has had a longstanding tradition of not interfering with called letter on innuendo and short on calling on to come forward and explain at issue he said. may not even be about her server. It may not be about her at He added that had in his letter to the that these emails may not be Twitter have thought be thanking in Las Trump accused of bribing Lynch with the promise of reappointment and said she up an illegal server for the obvious purpose of shielding her criminal conduct from public disclosure and also never thought we were going to say thank you to campaign told had done the right thing by announcing the he sat on the she could argue that he also would have been interfering with the by not disclosing to the public that yet for the second time this is under investigation for something of her own is unfit to be president based on her constant flouting of the running Mike echoed the accusation of corruption in less explicit terms and mentioned controversial meeting with Bill at a Phoenix airport this which Lynch herself said a over the investigation. Twitter learned to fight Dreamers campaign against effect of the news on in which according to leads by four points was not yet clear. broached the letter on calling behavior and pretty strange to put something like that out with such little information just days before an she said. Her running mate said on he expected to reach the same conclusion that actions were not criminal in light of these new is a told Like suggested that had acted outside the bounds of his saying the letter was violation of normal justice department and it involves talking about an ongoing which also violated protocol. just extremely puzzling why you would break these two he you even seen the emails ended his letter with a personal rebuke of the director. keep in mind that I have been a supporter of yours in the he noting that he had fought to secure confirmation through Republican I believed you to be a principled public the deepest I now see that I was elections 
An art historian in has unearthed a stained glass mural that was created in the early for the headquarters of the East secret or and had been forgotten in a shipping container for 24 years. It will go on sale at a temporary exhibition space in to coincide with the Art Beach contemporary art fair next with a price tag of million which some historians said was out of line with its value. The screen was commissioned in 1979 by the head of the Ministry of State Security. It sat in a general purpose room in the a group of buildings in the former East that is now the Museum. The work was recently found by an art historian and dealer whose uncle had bought it in 1990 and put in storage. an expert in Cold War history at the University of said was a kind of custom to make stained glass memorial things in East and he questioned the asking price for the work. struck me as odd is that it was in the headquarters and that there is no specific reference to the secret intelligence activities or the conspiracies which they indulged he said. would make it more who died in commissioned the artist who was then the chief master of glass for public works in the Democratic and one of the few East artisans trained in stained glass techniques dating back to the 14th century. who is now 84 and living in said in an email interview that his initial meeting was with a government who told him only that it would be placed in a new building complex. it was crucial that it be both artistically outstanding and politically said. he met with and the artist and a team of about 15 glaziers worked on the piece for about two completing it in 1983. Once the piece was he was not allowed to photograph it when it was installed in a ceremonial conference room in the which was open only to top members of the and other Iron Curtain intelligence agencies. The glass wall is pigmented with precious metals including 55 pounds of gold and has a hammer and sickle a slogan of the international communist movement and references to the Revolution. titled the work Peace to the Whole an incongruous title for a symbol of a repressive regime. In the center is an image of and there are two symbolizing peace both common elements in East said. rhetoric was always revolving around how they had to arm themselves in order to preserve the he said. were not After the Wall the headquarters were closed in and the assets were sold through the the state railroad company. the owner of an art logistics company and learned about the work from one of his employees who had worked for the He bought it for an unknown sum records of the sale have been and said did does not recall what he paid loaded it into a shipping and placed it in a storage lot in remembers his uncle telling him about the piece around that time. those I was not at all interested in Communist who later became an art historian specializing in Impressionist art and an art dealer for his said in a phone interview from where he was installing the piece before the opening of the fair. knew about it all these but for all these like everyone was forgetting what was he said. asked about the fate of the glass work several years ago. When said it was still probably where he left tracked it down in the neighborhood of He called a conservator who played a central role in the restoration of the sixth century Gate at the Museum in She saw the work in August 2015. the container history came she said. It was in nearly perfect she save a few cracks in the glass. and Ms. researched the history of the artwork and tracked down who shared his story with them in a videotaped interview. who is representing his uncle in the said the craftsmanship and the extraordinary story are what make the piece worth million. He said he hoped to sell it to a museum or a private individual who will donate it to a public institution. But said he would be surprised if it brought anywhere near that price. a couple of hundred thousand but millions is a bit he said. an associate researcher at University who curated an exhibition about propaganda art at the Museum in the agreed. quality of this piece is certainly not exceptional from an artistic point of he said. they will sell it for this you will see a storm of the same kind of art coming on the because many of these kinds of stained glass windows are very often in buildings from the and that used any Whatever the monetary the history associated with it has a complex message for viewers who lived through the era. grew up in the and I still have a hard time with Ms. said. we need to save the dark parts of our too. very colorful and but most important is that it shows that the artists in the were not she said. did what the dictators
Contribute your chance to be crowned Guardian home cook of the share your pecan recipes with us. Email upload them via the buttons here or post them on by noon on 16 Selected recipes will appear in Cook and on 26 can share your pecan recipes by clicking on the button on this article. You can also use the Guardian and search for is the home of content on the Guardian. Contribute your pictures and and browse reviews and creations submitted by others. Posts will be reviewed prior to 
DING Wall Street has just posted its best day since the start of as the closing bell brings rally to a of a election victory have cheered the ending a losing industrial average jumped by 371 or with the 500 gaining The tech index gained almost as investors piled back into shares. The closing bell on Wall Street tonight followed a strong rally in where 100 posted a of says seen a buying stampede According to the binary clients think remains the with her chances of election holding at US assets have been heavily bid throughout the as the is banished to distant around 36 hours to go until the result becomes there is plenty of potential for upsets and we may see the bullish move falter tomorrow if the battleground states remain in close been covering in this since early the decision to clear over her email server has given the Democratic candidate a this race is not even if some investors are acting like is home and dry. Key states such as North and will determine who wins the White the word from the campaign trials is that the race is still tight. a of our latest news The US presidential campaign ended on where the fiercest nomination battles began in the as and Trump spent the last hours of a bitter election focused on the deep economic gained a late confidence boost as a final series of national opinion polls confirmed a small but steady lead for Early voting numbers point already to record turnout among voters stirred into action by rhetoric. But the continued risk of an upset that would send around the world was underlined by polling suggesting several possible paths to victory also remain for Trump. He hopes to white anger over jobs and trade in the traditionally Democratic manufacturing though also needs an almost clean sweep of battleground states including and North to win possible the campaign poured resources into the industrial a region where she struggled against a similar surge for Sanders during the primary election season. Both and held afternoon rallies in before planning to finish the night on stage together in with campaign buoyed by high turnout in election's final hours Read stay tuned to our general election and be back in the morning with more market action. Trump and in tight race on campaign's final day live Read more The industrial average is pushing even higher in the final few minutes of and is now up I knew there was something important coming up. Planner presidential 2016 Shares in logistics and transport companies are having a particularly good sending the Transportation Average up by in late index has gained since which is significant as often seen as a bellwether for the wider economy ship as much if losing reckon that the transport sector would do well under a or Trump as both have promised spending on has more details. The pound continues to be buffeted by the sudden strength of the US dollar has shed one or today and is currently hovering around dollar is up around against a basket of currencies including the and the yen. another sign that investors are pricing in a victory. Specialist Frank working at his post on the floor of the New Stock Exchange today. Constellation which imports beers such as has joined the Peso as a surprise proxy for Trump in Constellation have jumped by having fallen pretty steadily through rhetoric has worried many US firms who import from as he has pledged to shake up trade links between the two beer importer rallies with a Trump defeat looking more likely 2016 Trader works on the floor of the New Stock Exchange today. less than 90 minutes to go until the closing Wall Street is still on a tear and on track for its best trading since that has a better chance of winning election are driving share despite many polls suggesting she only has a narrow lead over the situation on the trading up 335 points or at Up 43 points or at Up 111 points or at seen as the more status quo investors are aware that the markets could tumble if Trump stages a surprise of Cornerstone Financial Partners in North says see another 5 percent bump on a but I could see a 5 to 7 percent pullback on a Trump The gold price is continuing to slide as traders put their money into riskier is down right now at per down from on night. Our colleagues in are relentlessly the final day of the already covered of a speech by president fears of voter suppression in North and analysis of how often each candidate has fibbed during the campaign Trump and in tight race on campaign's final day live Read more stock market rally has added tens of billions of dollars to the wealth of the richest Billionaires which tracks those with more money then they could possibly know what to do has jumped by today to a gain of gained while gained a far from slimline done chaps. And now we know suffer if the markets have a meltdown on world's richest people just added billion to their wealth thanks to improved odds of winning. 2016 Stock markets could plunge by over on if Trump beats according to Financial was speaking to Sky News a few minutes King Live Team head of global market research at tells there is element of for Trump King Live Team that being cleared over emails came in time to lift her support King Live Team Trump presidency could result in fall in stocks on 2016
who has been offered the job of attorney general in is known as one of the most and members of the Senate. He was born in 1946 in site of the start of the historic civil rights march to in in a rare his nomination by to be a federal judge was rejected by Congress after several attorneys testified that he had made racist comments. Sessions is Trump's choice for attorney reports say Read department official claimed Sessions had described respected civil rights campaigns the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the Civil Liberties Union as and his confirmation hearing Sessions did not help his cause by seeking to clarify his stance. He claimed he had never called the groups but said that they take positions that are considered They hurt they lose credibility. And many people do think that some of those positions they take are against the national interests of the United said he could not remember calling them commie group and a pinko but am loose with my tongue on and I may have said something similar to that or could be interpreted to H told congress Sessions had thought the was until I found out they smoked Sessions said he had been joking and that the comment was so ludicrous he could not think anyone would take him seriously. an also testified that Sessions had called him Sessions denied the claim. Reflecting on the hearings in Sessions said the allegations made were was not that was not accurate. Those were false charges using distortions of anything that I did. And it really was not. I never had those kinds of and I was caricatured in a way that was not he told at the time. Twitter Sessions alongside Trump during a national security meeting at Trump Tower in New last month. the memories linger. told the New Times on 16 that the prospect of Sessions as attorney general was a who has been a senator for for nearly 20 years after law in the has long campaigned for strict controls on immigration. Last year he wrote a report blaming immigration for job losses and welfare Immigration Handbook for the New Republican Majority argues for limiting work visas and firm control over entry and exit in the United Sessions the people have begged and pleaded for a just and lawful system of immigration that serves their interests but their demands are refused. For have been scorned and mocked by the elite denizens of and Wall Street for having legitimate concerns about how uncontrolled immigration impacts their police and retired army lieutenant has been offered the job of national security adviser. The was the only national security figure of his rank to publicly align himself with Trump and remained loyal to the businessman throughout his Trump gets his his administration will be disastrous Read other national security experts and denounced the took part in campaign rallies where he led chants against including those that called for her to be locked up. enemy camp in this case is said in during the general also delivered what was reported to be a speech at the Republican national where he lambasted speeches and his misguided which he said had the world to have no respect for or who in 2015 declared himself a registered held senior positions in the 18th Airborne at the joint chiefs of staff at the Pentagon and at US central which runs US military operations in the Middle East. He served as a top intelligence adviser to Gen in and Between 2012 and he ran the Intelligence Agency one of the highest positions a military intelligence officer can but his tenure was cut short over clashes with top administration officials. One of the people who played a leading role in departure was the director of national intelligence who announced his resignation on has since proven himself to be a controversial figure and public opponent of foreign policy. In his 2016 The Field of How We Can Win the Global War Against Radical and Its with the historian and former administration official he wrote that he is a devotee of political has come under fire for regularly appearing on television station and once attended a gala hosted by the sitting two places away from the He later said his bureau had arranged his trip to and that he saw no distinction between RT and other news outlets such as and Twitter gestures as he arrives at Trump Tower in New on 17. Drew was once opposed to and other banned extreme interrogation according to the in reference to previously stated openness to reinstating such he said he be reluctant to take options off the Asked by if he would support threat to kill the families of suspected he would have to see the circumstances of that an antisemitic post by a Trump supporter who mocked the blaming of hackers for leaked emails. The by a pseudonymous implicated. is to Not Not later deleted his and saying it was a mistake and that he had meant to link to an article on and the advised Trump on foreign policy throughout the course of the presidential campaign and was even to be on the shortlist for If picked as national security would oversee about 400 offered the job of has been the Republican representative for 4th congressional district since is a law graduate who represents the area in the House. He is a member of the conservative Tea Party movement and served as a representative on the Republican National originally backed for the nomination but later supported Trump following his victory in the primaries. have seen him make good decisions in his business his family life with his so I am excited for a commander in chief who fearlessly puts out in said of Trump in But he has not been afraid to the and when a 2005 tape emerged of Trump boasting of groping and kissing women without their called the comments offensive and a how do I tell my child the new president like Read a congressional candidate in had to personally for a tweet his campaign sent out promoting an article that called his opponent Raj an a who be a a a etc who His campaign also put up billboard ads encouraging people in the area to is a lifetime member of the National Rifle which endorsed him for Congress. He is also a hardliner on keen to ban it in all instances except where the life is at risk. He has also voted against the renewal of the Violence Against Women Act. He opposed closing and after a 2013 visit to the said of prisoners who were on hunger looked to me like a lot of them had put on was widely by Democrats and the Council on Relations for saying that clerics who did not properly chastise terrorists were in terror attacks. told the floor of the the most devastating terrorist attacks on in the last 20 years come overwhelmingly from people of a single and are performed in the name of that a special obligation falls on that leaders to respond. their silence has made most leaders across complicit in these is staunchly against the deal and in an for Fox News in wrote that the deal puts the US at increased risk. must act to change the he joining ran an oilfield supply and distribution company and has been a stalwart critic of the US Environmental Protection efforts to regulate carbon this year it was thought he would enter the race against US senator Jerry in the primaries but in the end he decided not to. 85 days remaining before the first votes are cast plus my especially consuming commitments to current duties on the the house intelligence committee and a new investigatory intelligence task force will preclude the kind of campaign that said in a This article was amended on 18 2016. An earlier version said incorrectly that Clapper was the 
In recent years the perils of our increasingly sedentary lifestyles have been widely accepted but the link between sitting and health problems was first made in 1949. Scientist Jerry Morris discovered bus drivers were twice as likely to suffer heart attacks than bus conductors who were on their feet all day. In the following mounting evidence has shown that office work poses a threat to public increasing the risk of heart obesity and early death. Meanwhile long hours spent staring at computer screens can cause eye headaches and inactivity costs the global economy per comprising in and in lost according to a major report published in the Lancet in The study found that people need at least an hour of physical activity a day to counter the ill effects of every eight hours spent work becoming increasingly and people spending more hours chained to their desks it can be hard to find the time to integrate physical activity into the working day. Lead author of the Lancet report Prof acknowledges that taking breaks during the working day is not easy for some people. doing some brisk maybe in the during after dinner in the evening. You can split it up over the but you need to do at least one he of Self Care Week a awareness event promoting personal health management our will explore how to stay healthy at work. If you have a sedentary job and are concerned about spending long hours glued to a then join us on 9 from for a live chat with a panel of experts. be to keep tabs on your health in the exercises to keep you moving throughout the for taking breaks even when you are extremely takes place in the comments section below this article. Taking part is easier than create a free Guardian account or log in using your Twitter or profile to comment. you can tweet us or email your questions to who can post them for Blood is the managing director of Posture a commercial furniture consultancy. She has over 10 experience assessing workstations for small and large in ergonomic solutions for people with disabilities and is a wellbeing coordinator at the Chartered Benevolent Association. She is an experienced trainer and development provider with over 20 experience within the private and public is an active workplace consultant and digital health innovator at a gesture technology company. He passionately believes in physical movement for improving health and has advised including the to the is a vitality coach at the health insurer Prior to worked as a treating people of different ages and including professional is a health psychologist and a reader at School of Exercise and Health Sciences. She has research expertise in workplace particularly in the prevention and management of chronic health conditions in the John is an consultant radiologist and medical director at In addition to his clinical he has an interest in preventative medicine and the economic problems of delivering to an population. is founder of Exercise in the a fitness group running yoga and classes. Formerly a project manager in the used to find ways to exercise while in the office. She decided to retrain as a instructor five years ago to help other people do to the same. Looking for a Browse Guardian Jobs or sign up to Guardian Careers for the latest job vacancies and career Q and at 
A short walk from the scene of one of the most notorious incidents in 20th century was braced this week for another struggle that could define a political speech at State University came nearly 50 years after national guardsmen opened fire on antiwar protesters killing four and a decade of social the campus was as calm as the dozens of college venues that have served as peaceful backdrops for a mostly 2016 election polls conducted since new email revelations on suggest waning enthusiasm among some Democratic voters may change that. A new poll for News and the Post puts Trump one point ahead for the first time since and lead in a rolling average of national polls has shrunk to barely two percentage although the vagaries of the electoral college system mean she remains the to win next email controversy what we know so far Read whoever emerges as the next president on 8 may face a country as divided as it has been since that fateful shooting during the primary focus on the campaign trail this week is her opponent. is one of those make or break moments for the United she tells the crowd in after a chilling introduction from a former nuclear launch officer who warns that finger on the button could lead to a crisis of confidence among the I were back in the launch chair I would have no faith in his judgment and would live in constant fear of him getting it warns who served in the US air force as part of the Minuteman intercontinental ballistic missile launch control the former secretary of state is also warning of a lack of trust between Democrats and other parts of the national security director stunned them on by announcing fresh inquiries into potentially illegal use of a private email server while secretary of her campaign has chosen to go to war with the bureau almost as aggressively as against manager accused of and irresponsible while the most senior Democrat in Senate minority leader Harry went even by claiming was breaking the law and covering up collusion between Trump and stood alone in questioning whether it was really plausible that the was trying to pick plane the mood was notably tenser since but there was also a steely determination not to let the knock the campaign off got our work cut out for us. going to be a race to the said one top adviser on some states where going to be now the big fear among staff is less that intervention will change next result though they acknowledge this is considerably more possible than a week ago but that it will reduce chances of Democrats winning back control of Congress and hang like a cloud over her victory director may be under investigation for Hatch Act violation Read same impeachment threat that dogged the second term of her administration could wreck a first term in which she is forced to battle a Republican Congress even more than that faced by the strategy is to attack the and worry about the consequences are really just focused on winning the told reporters when asked if could ever work with if theory directors are appointed for terms to avoid precisely such political but few would deny is now already fully enmeshed in a row with the potential to damage the integrity of both offices of is pressing hard for early but increasingly resigned to the fact they may not come before are completely confident that whenever this particular review of these emails is complete it will reinforce the conclusions from this summer and reveal anything replied when pressed on whether this will drag on until the inauguration in critics are less convinced the issue will go away so easily. of what secretary did or says a Fox News commentator and former pollster for Bill who says the issue has changed his support for am now convinced that we will be facing the very real possibility of a constitutional crisis with many dimensions and deleterious consequences should Secretary win the is a narrative eagerly pushed by the Republican campaign. would be under protracted criminal investigation and probably a criminal I would say. So have a criminal trial of a sitting Trump claimed at a rally in where he quoted Trump is open to accusations of creating the potential for his own constitutional crisis too. He caused consternation among Republican politicians at the final presidential debate when he refused to say whether he would accept the result of the election if he there is as little evidence for claims as there currently is for his theory that has found a of new evidence against both issues are firing up an already angry base to levels of suspicion not seen in US politics for decades. Twitter How does the US electoral college make matters if the election result is the US supreme court may be unable to act as an as it did between Gore and W Bush in 2000. Republican refusal to consider replacement for has left court justices split and may continue to stymie a new appointment even after the fear Trump supporters will attempt to intimidate voters at polling but violence could also erupt from both sides if activists are not prepared to accept a disputed especially one marred by claims of or the thuggish of some Trump supporters has tended to capture attention inside his what disturbances that have spilled over on to the streets this year at events in and for example have tended to involve protesters clashing with it ends with something as dramatic as the State shootings of 1970 remains to be but the Democratic campaign is leaving nothing to chance with an increasingly negative campaign to underline the risks at prefer for us to be motivated by what not what told a rally in I also think prudent to imagine what could happen if we do our part. And when in the future somebody asks maybe your kids or your did you do when everything was on the I want you to be able to voted for a stronger elections 
Deep antipathy to exists within the multiple bureau sources have told the spurring a rapid series of leaks damaging to her campaign just days before the and former none of whom were willing or cleared to speak on the have described a chaotic internal climate that resulted from outrage over director decision not to recommend an indictment over maintenance of a private email server on which classified information is said one current atmosphere raises major questions about how and the bureau he is slated to run for the next seven years can work with should she win the White email controversy what we know so far Read currently serving agent said is personified to a large swath of and that reason why leaking is agent called the bureau with some colleagues openly discussing voting for a nominee who has garnered unprecedented condemnation from the national security wing and who has pledged to jail if elected. Twitter is no in email investigation the same other sources dispute the depth of support for Trump within the though they uniformly stated that is viewed highly are lots of people who think Trump is but also believe is corrupt. What you hear a lot is that a bad between an incompetent and a corrupt said a former official. Sources who disputed the depth of internal support agreed that the is now in parlous political territory. Justice department officials another current target of dissatisfaction have said the bureau disregarded longstanding rules against perceived or actual electoral interference when wrote to Congress to say it was reviewing newly discovered emails relating to personal server. Twitter The testifies during the Senate committee hearing in vague letter to promptly leaked by Republican congressman said the bureau would evaluate communications subsequently identified as coming from a device used by disgraced whose estranged wife is a aide for connections to the server. allies say he was placed in an impossible position after previously testifying to Congress it would take an extraordinary development for him to revisit the issue. Throughout the summer and Trump has attacked the as corrupt for not effectively ending political political firestorm with and the bureau coming under withering including a rebuke on from Even some congressional no friends to have expressed discomfort with insertion of the bureau into the relevance of the communications to the inquiry has yet to be as issued his letter before obtaining a warrant to evaluate them. surrogates contend that has issued innuendo rather than preventing them from mounting a public defense. Twitter we operate on innuendo feel needs to address the criticism and provide reassurance that the with its investigative and surveillance will comport itself in an apolitical manner. Yet since has maintained his even as both and Trump have called for the bureau to disclose more of what it knows. have continued. Fox News reported on that the is intensifying an investigation into the Foundation over allegations which both the foundation and the camp deny it traded donations for access to when she was secretary of state. The Wall Street Journal reported that justice department officials considered the allegations flimsy. The leaks have not exclusively cast aspersions on former campaign is the subject of what is said to be a preliminary inquiry into his business dealings in has denied any Daily Beast reported on on ties between Trump surrogate the former New and the New field which reportedly pressed the to revisit the server investigation after beginning an inquiry into alleged sexual with a minor. The website reported that a former New field office highly critical of the runs a military charity that has received significant financial donations from Trump. decision to tell the public in that he was effectively dropping the server issue angered some within the particularly given the background of tensions with the justice department over the issue. A significant complication is the appearance of a conflict of interest regarding the attorney who met with Bill this summer ahead of which she acknowledged had a over the email inquiry is chief's latest controversy Read agents were upset at the not because he but they believe he threw the under the bus by taking the heat away from of the former bureau official said. All this has compounded pressure on with little end in sight. who retired from the bureau in 2004 after 35 said that if is she and would probably find a way to work together out of a sense of pragmatism. He recalled both his own occasional clashes with federal prosecutors and Bill uneasy relationship with his choice for one will find a way to pick at the other. not going to be good and not going to be pretty. But both have to work with each he said. Senator an Democrat on the intelligence continued leadership failures at the are another reminder we let intelligence agencies say and then give them a blank check to probe into argued for years that Congress must create ironclad protections for security and we also need vigilant oversight of agencies that have the power to deprive citizens of their liberty or change the course of an would not comment for this story. 
Members of the US armed services could be prosecuted for war crimes for providing midair refueling and other military support for the coalition in the administration has been an hour the plane came repeated take toll on civilians Read 4,000 civilians have been killed since the conflict began in earnest in March after rebels seized The war has pitted which supports the government of President against which backs the a letter to secretary of state John and secretary Ash US congressman a former air force said the insistence that it is not taking part in target selection for coalition sorties many of which have hit hospitals and schools does not excuse the US from legal find it deeply troubling that the US apparently has no advanced knowledge of what targets will be struck by jets that are refueled by US personnel with US Lieu said in his letter. US would appear to be violating of armed and international standards by engaging in such direct military operations if US personnel are not aware if targets are civilian or if the loss of life and property are or if the operation is even militarily who lectured in the laws of war during his service as an air force judge advocate general personnel are now at legal risk of being investigated and potentially prosecuted for committing war crimes. Under international a person can be found guilty of aiding and abetting war he said the absence of a tribunal should not mean the laws of armed conflict should be an awful dangerous game to Lieu told the Guardian. going to violate the laws of war because no one is going to prosecute He said a future administration might take a different view of the US involvement in legal adviser for the International Committee of the Red has argued that refueling represents one of the elements of support that would make the supporting nation a party to a the US ambassador to the called for an end to after a string of incidents with high civilian casualties. The US has announced it is reviewing its military support for the it had stopped supplying cluster and it has urged the armed forces to take greater precautions to avoid civilian casualties. John says and coalition agree to ceasefire Read security cooperation with is not a blank check. Even as we assist regarding the of their territorial we have and will continue to express our serious concerns about the conflict in and how it has been a senior administration official said in an emailed statement. are aware of congressional concerns regarding the conflict in and we too remain gravely concerned by its high including civilian casualties and damage to infrastructure caused by all sides of the a state department official said. continue to have internal policy discussions to ensure our limited support for the coalition is consistent with our foreign policy goals and to documents obtained by the news the US provided the with a list of critical civilian and urged the coalition to avoid it in its air campaign. But it has continued to provide refueling and other logical support and argued that has a right to defend itself against missile attacks from rebels inside revealed that since the intervention in there has been concern among state department lawyers about the legal implications for the US. is important to the administration to keep the onside to ensure they did not screw up even more badly in as there was concern that if it went really badly it could rebound back on the a former state department official and research director at the Council for Foreign said. The broader relationship with the is very and compared to the other things the ask for this is one of the easier said the argument over legal liability is largely an academic one as there is unlikely to be a court with jurisdiction over US actions in the conflict. The government supports the intervention on its and the US is not a member of the International Criminal Court. 
If you need a distraction ahead of potentially cataclysmic US imagine a world in which all and knew about each other came from popular drama viewers would envisage a place in the iron grip of a monarch with presidential powers over law and war from The who rules with the help of the aristocracy and cerebral would imagine over there to be overrun with doctors cops lawyers Good LA and who have a knack for Such savvy chat even comes from the chemistry teachers turned drug barons and the pathologists who are secret serial overview of that are given is nostalgically while the image of transmitted in the perhaps exaggerates the sense of of the average in documentaries made about the other a very different picture emerges. factual largely ignores most other except for reports on Princess and her sons or profiles of showbiz such as Failing to return the docs about the US tend to represent as what the novelist Bellow called in 1990 a phrase from moronic Such films representing an attitude that ranges from in at its most in show a nation of morbidly obese racist evangelical waving a weapon in one hand and voting for or W Bush or now Trump with the other. Twitter aged fires a gun in a firing range as his mum films him. the eve of what will bring either the Trump or four years of resentment from his thwarted comes another trio of examples of this. Two of them compete in the slot tonight The Conspiracy The Trump Dossier and The Gun Shop while the candidate is High School one aim of documentary is to explain a foreign culture to The Gun Shop presents an aspect of however good the will remain inexplicable to most outsiders. Shot at Freedom a store in Battle it works for a Channel 4 audience as weirdo In the most a mother films proudly as her son has his first gun lesson at the firing far more than most offerings on the this film sometimes twists its pointing finger to scratch its chin. show them to be not merely but The mum of the son with the gun was the victim of an armed car while other gun buyers are shown to have been motivated by a random mass shooting nearby or the killing of an driver by police. That man was shot after telling police he had a so tooling up could be seen as a poor insurer of personal safety. But a logic has taken hold that is sharply expressed by a Freedom Firearms going to carry a I want to be the one without This logic may ensure more but the father of one shooting victim acknowledges that there is no possibility of the US becoming Those who think an armed population is a bad idea will have to settle for similar check to idealism from realism can be found in High a series filmed in South at an academy with a majority and poverty student body. Twitter A bigger test than most the principal of High School. conceit of a charismatic trying to reform a failing school is familiar here from series such as Educating but the new principal at is sitting a bigger test than most. In a key he is dealing with the use of a weapon in a corridor when news comes that two cars filled with are heading towards campus to avenge the of the suspended and sentimentality tend to encourage educational documentaries towards the most hopeful case studies and High School has one of those story of a star student raised by a single but it flinch from the painful fates likely to claim many of her both The Gun Shop and High the impending election is a constant subtext through the issues of racial and social division but it is most directly addressed in The Conspiracy The Trump which has been up to the last minute to reflect the latest twists in problems with females and with emails. Twitter The Conspiracy The Trump Dossier reflects the latest twists in problems with females and with emails. thrust of John film is that Trump has shaped his campaign around unproven or conspiracy Republican rival dad may have helped to kill faked his US birth the had White House aide Foster presenting evidence from forensic experts and on both sides of such matters as alleged typographical discrepancies on paperwork or disparities in supposed suicide the film will inevitably be seen by anyone who disagrees with its conclusions as part of the conspiracy But more profitably it explores the creation of an political climate in which there is no such thing as and even the democratic process is constantly odd omission in an otherwise exhaustive film was the absence of as First that her husband was the victim of a to bring him down. This is significant because belief that was not to be trusted seems likely to have played a part in her unwise decision to secrete and delete emails while serving as Secretary of The Conspiracy Files state but may lead many viewers to conclude is if does she will become the third Democratic President in succession her husband and whose occupancy of the office has been relentlessly contested by conspiracy theorists and other as a Trump presidency would be viewed with horror in half of the US and much of the there should be no shortage of material for more in on 
Lewis victory in Grand keeps his title hopes alive Read more know where my sombrero but I wait to come back next says after clinching the Thanks for your emails and tweets. The in a time is next where can be crowned world champion if he wins in A quick word from Lewis interviewed by of all people. is honestly the best crowd we get these guys turn up and have great passion for this says love had Tacos every day since been for while waves at the he have to accept We have had some massive battles out to be Which what said before this then the man everybody wants to speak was using a lot of sign language. He left the track and move so you can understand why I got annoyed. All of a sudden I was told to come up A 30th career win for Lewis from pole position. lifts the trophy with duly applauding the driver. A fine in City is all over. confetti everywhere in the of the flag. been some especially for and he and go to with it all very much to play for. A fan has just dropped his while trying to lineup a hazy shot of Lewis The security guard is unmoved. Here come the with and all on the podium. After wrongly being given it in the first just chucked the hat down on the evidently unable of just handing it to his Lewis about away from after running towards the is still reeling from that heated exchange with it seems. 1 Max been given a so strictly speaking should be on that podium. running towards the podium. been asked to leave. The Red Bull driver does at least have and talking in the room. is 19 points clear of Lewis in the championship on the back of this. clawed some ground back on his in City. The overriding message of the final lap is that of wagging fingers between and all a bit childish but it at least upped the anti on the final lap. But and another solid tell wins for the race winner. a with in second. who finishes is still venting his frustrations at Max who finishes third. Lap Here we go a bonkers race for whilst Lewis is still out in front. remains in second. Lap fuming. Somehow does not bypass the and remains in Just as the was bemoaning the Red tried his luck and there was a small coming but nothing too serious. Lap Two laps to has to let me And then some beautiful choice words from the Will hold up the The stewards say they will investigate the incident after the race. all a bit tasty. Lap finds his way past putting the in a spin. was fortunate to avoid a collision there. And locks up but finds his way back to the track via some help with the grass. been told to give the place to by Red Bull. flies past to stay in hot pursuit of keep pushing you will catch those two cars at this Red Bull tell and Palmer are up to a bit of in that battle for 13th. Lap now trails by and the is advancing nicely on the Red Bull. 19 seconds behind race Lewis As it a Lap medium have yielded 61 laps while directly behind him in tries to unsettle the in comparison have done just 17 laps. We probably seen the last of that battle. Lap can see him says of who has been storming through the last few laps because of those practically box fresh could do with helping out his at the opponent. Lap in shackles the attentions of in a nice battle in the points. Lap Just the ten laps to To celebrate that eased past Palmer to move into 12th. who pitted behind the safety car following incident on the first has not changed since. Lap as if it stays this would trail by 19 points in the championship. The race leaders are currently as Lap is three seconds behind charging towards the 26 seconds behind with 12 laps to go. Lap Red Bull v is the strategic battle with 13 laps to go. Do have the pace to last the distance or might and dampen all of the Lap leads by more than seven seconds. looking for but they do have to pit again if they have in the tank to finish with what got. is flying. enjoying himself. had a good race and is currently jostling for currently held by Palmer started the race at the back of the remember. Lap behind has he got time to thrash out that You would guess but the Red performed brilliantly so far. out with track temperatures beginning to soar once more. Lap must be fed up with the rear of still looking at the sight of the after 30 laps or so after sashaying behind the got more problems with grip in the not right there. Lap not too much longer to run in City. is out in trailed by and then in third. has just moved into fifth after overtaking now 20 seconds or so behind in the Lap pits. The come off for Red then. locked up a little bit on that lunge on Plenty of smiles from the team back at the garage in the pits. A maverick of a young Lap feels like taken a says his Red Bull has giving a real difficult time. The teenager attempted to move into the second but ended up coming just off the track before recovering. Very positive move from as ever. Max. Hard nice told. You just get the feeling that Red Bull are trying to keep on his leash or something.
The critical weekend before Election Day was set to be a busy one for Gov. of New he was to campaign for J. Trump in the battleground states of New and Then that a federal jury convicted two of the former aides in the Bridge trial. a canceled the campaign events and accepted a new The night before Election he appeared on not to talk about his presidential but to defend himself against weeks of damaging testimony in the trial. In the orbit around Trump like the one around prizes loyalty the moves so close to the election were seen as proof that for all his early support of was out more for himself than for the man at the top of the ticket. He may as well have been broadcasting that Trump was going to lose. Three days after he won the Trump deposed as leader of his transition team. Many fingers pointed at whose father had been sent to prison by then the top federal prosecutor in New on charges of tax evasion and illegal campaign contributions. But unceremonious dismissal was more a pileup of grievances in the weeks before the according to interviews with people close to the governor and the campaign. No one has publicly ruled out a role for in the Trump on the governor was among those the met with at his golf club in But the meeting was much shorter than others that only about 20 minutes. The two men emerged before cameras just before for a handshake that looked almost like a tug of war. The governor smiled and Trump gave no indication that he was under consideration for any jobs unlike with other potential job candidates he met. The jobs wanted friends say he would have liked to have been White House chief of staff or attorney general have been assigned to others. fall in the Trump circle was weeks in the making. There was already particularly from former Mayor W. of New and from children. they had gone after an tape was released in which Trump made vulgar comments about the governor first canceled show then emerged on the radio the next week to call comments Spending on the Trump transition which was was already higher than what the transition team of the Democratic had even though polls showed her winning. And some around Trump complained that was using his post to promote his own including his former chief of staff and his former law who were running the team day to and one of his longtime Bob who had been recommended for several positions. The friendship between and while never has always been pragmatic. And several people interviewed said they had begun to patch up any break with a conversation on the after the removed the governor as leader of his transition team. That continued with the meeting on at the golf not far from home. the leader of the Republican minority in the New Jersey Assembly and one of the most steadfast Trump and are the type that loyal to their and I suspect that long term it will work whether a position now or But the Trump roller coaster has been particularly jolting for The two men according to through a federal shortly after became United States attorney for New Jersey in 2002. liked to be around who owned several casinos in liked to know people in charge. As the testimony in the trial began planning a run for president in 2016 shortly after taking office in 2010. run started out looking like more of a flirtation with the office. But in a crowded field of he soon occupied the position expected to as the candidate not afraid to challenge the way things had always been done. had struggled to bounce back from the scandal since when a legislative subpoena revealed that his deputy chief of staff had sent an email calling for traffic in the town that was gridlocked by the to punish a mayor who had declined to endorse the governor. After the governor failed in his attempt to make a good showing in the New primary contest in he endorsed Trump. He became the first major establishment Republican to do so. He also alienated many friends and financial backers and saw his poll numbers drop to a new low. saying it was clear to him that Trump would be the nominee. he had not been in the it would have been the governor said at a news conference at the time. On the campaign he endured public when he stood obedient and silent next to Trump on Super on March 1. Trump himself mocked the governor for eating too many and for abandoning his state to run for president. publicly said he hoped to be nominee. And he was said to be bitterly disappointed when children and campaign manager prevailed on the candidate to instead choose Gov. Mike Pence of Trump made chief of the transition. But the governor was still struggling with the after revelations on the stand that he had known about the lane closings even as they were happening and did nothing to reverse them. On Election voted in the dark of early a contrast to earlier years when he invited cameras and reporters along by indicating on his public schedule what time he would go to the polls. surprise upset seemed to offer another chance at resurrection. appeared on the demurring on the question of whether he wanted to be chief of staff or attorney saying his most important job was the transition. some role for me that I want to and that the wants me to he known each other for 14 years The next Trump announced that would no longer lead the transition. The governor has now given signals that he is planning to serve out his term in New Jersey. On he held his first cabinet meeting in a long time. Late on he had bumped his lieutenant as the keynote speaker at an annual statewide convention of mayors in which he has skipped since 2011. Appearing the next day Lieutenant Governor name was still on the programs have no reason to believe that I will do anything other than serve out my full term as governor and turn the keys of the office over to whoever you select in of 2017 to replace had a pretty good he added.
The Bureau of Statistics has told staff it will be cutting up to 150 after government cuts to its an email to the ABS said it would be accepting applications for voluntary redundancy until 18 to take effect before 9 March 2017. preference is for the date to occur as early as possible but this can be ABS management said in a document sent to a statement a spokeswoman for the ABS said the staff cuts were of a planned approach to transform its workforce for the Community and Public Sector which represents public service blamed the shortsighted cuts to ongoing for the job of continued funding cuts mean agencies do their job Read deputy national ABS is an absolutely critical national institution. Its data is a cornerstone not just of effective government but is also extremely valuable to the private said the was calling on the government to restore funding to the ABS and resource it said the staffing levels of the ABS had been shrinking even before this large cut. In 2010-11 the ABS had an average of 3,030 a number that dropped to 2,871 in were significant problems around the recent census and the job cuts undoubtedly contributed to ABS has had its budget cut under several governments. The under cut its budget in resulting in the ABS halting its job vacancy survey just as the global financial crisis was about to hit the government further cut the ABS budget in 2014 and the government continued the ongoing which have been eroding the are seriously concerned that the ABS is continually being forced to make decisions solely based on its budget. The bureau needs adequate funding to provide accurate data and clearly not currently the job cuts have been announced just weeks after the ABS admitted budget pressures were also forcing it to consider scaling back its collection of retail and housing data and scrapping altogether statistics ranging from prison and agricultural data to car sales and lending ABS spokeswoman the investment to the IT systems and the agency will achieve efficiencies and require fewer staff in coming years. As the ABS shifts from manual processes and identifies staff with skills that are not essential for the future staff in roles that are no longer may apply for Bureau of 
says reality will force Trump to adjust his has warned the that he be able to pursue many of his more controversial policies once he is in office. Speaking at the meeting in said he could not guarantee Trump would not try to implement controversial positions he took during campaign but he could guarantee will force him to how he approaches the issues. In his final international speech before he leaves the White House in offered a glimpse into how he envisions life after the presidency. He said he intend to become constant but reserved the right to speak says reality will force Trump to adjust his approach Twitter says he be a constant critic of attorney general pick accused of racial slur against black official in Trump faces criticism of his business interests and transition his nomination of Senator Sessions for US attorney general has reopened a dispute over views on race. who has been a senator since was once accused of calling a black official in a and then gave a false explanation to the US Senate when testifying about the allegation. In Sessions was said to have used the racist term to refer to the first black man to be elected as a county commissioner in where Sessions was a Republican party official and a federal prosecutor. When asked about the remark five years later during Senate confirmation hearings on his nomination for a federal Sessions denied saying the remark and said there was not a black county commissioner at that time. records show Wicks was elected in 1980 more than a year before Sessions allegedly referred to him using the racist term. nomination to the southern judgeship was ultimately rejected by a US Senate judiciary attorney general pick accused of racial slur against black official in 1981 I am out of inside the world of abortions were supposed to have become a thing of the after the US supreme court established a right to a legal abortion in its landmark 1973 Roe v Wade decision. But opponents of the law have since whittled those rights and now Trump has promised even more restrictions. abortions are still a if largely hidden phenomenon one that even rights groups are only just beginning to grasp. In 2015 a Dutch organization received more than 600 emails from women in the United States seeking a way to end their own pregnancies. Molly Redden reviewed these emails and spoke to to doctors and to a woman from who to when she could not afford an abortion in the I am out of inside the murky world of or not to For many the answer is why of vote in the US presidential election. Then on 9 the day after the Trump declared victory over and the country was facing mass protests and questions about who turned out to vote. Some voters abstained as an act of rebellion. For voter registration deadlines or a feeling that nothing would change were to or not to For many the answer is why Rock hundreds clash with police over Access enforcement officials in North have deployed tear gas and water hoses against hundreds of activists protesting against the Access pipeline on in the latest clash between unarmed activists and police. Protesters also reported being hit with rubber bullets and percussion grenades on a bridge just north of the encampments established by indigenous and environmental activists in opposition to the controversial pipeline. One person was 167 were injured and seven were taken to the Rock hundreds clash with police over Access the fearless has needed fearless independent media more. Help us hold the new president to sort fact from amplify underrepresented and understand the forces behind this divisive election and what happens next. Support the Guardian by becoming a member or making a of undocumented young people start to crumble after Trump that a Trump presidency could force hundreds of thousands of undocumented immigrants back into the shadows have already started to as young are giving up hope of acquiring legal status just days after the presidential election. Immigration lawyers are advising undocumented known as to stop applying for temporary work permits through Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals a program introduced by on the grounds that it could expose them to potential deportation once Trump is in power. The has plans to scrap the scheme as one of his first acts in of undocumented young people start to crumble after Trump train death toll rises as survival hopes death toll of train derailment in northern rose to 138 as rescue workers said hopes were fading that they would find anyone else alive. The express train swerved off the tracks near the village of at on Witnesses described being jolted awake as 14 carriages crumpled into one leaving hundreds of people trapped for hours on morning. Police said the cause of the crash was still unknown and would be announced only after a full investigation was train death toll rises as survival hopes why was everyone was talking about this heard that Mike Pence went to see on night. After a lead actor in the show read a statement from the Trump criticized the hit musical in a series of tweets. Experts say decision to lash out was a distraction from his Trump University settlement and transition troubles. While on the subject of check out our profile of the creative mind behind the from the baiting distracts from transition experts US Access 
By publicly discussing a renewed investigative focus on the has placed himself in the of a federal inquiry into whether he has interfered in an the Guardian has gets warrant as told he may have broken law Read Office of Special Counsel an independent federal investigative cited longstanding policy in neither confirming nor denying any the existence of investigation into for violating the Hatch a law designed to prevent federal officeholders from abusing their power to influence an election. But on a former ethics lawyer in W White filed an official complaint against with the and then disclosed it in an opens a case after receiving a said spokesman Nick who would not comment specifically on investigations can take anywhere from days to depending on the complexity of the circumstances. letter to which said the was examining newly discovered information for potential relevance to use of a private email which contained classified has placed a widely respected director in extraordinary political jeopardy. Twitter is no in email investigation the find to have violated the Hatch the relevant law determining any potential punishment for a presidential appointee such as places authority for that decision with the president. Should win the she may find herself in a position to determine what the law calls for an director who is slated to serve until 2023. In recent the has cited two administration health and human services secretary and housing and urban development secretary for Hatch Act violations. Neither finding ended their tenures. remains in his post and served for two more years before stepping down. The likely Hatch Act investigation adds to a swarm of headaches for who awoke on to repudiation from former the former attorney general who worked beside at the beginning of his time as wrote a public rebuke in the warning that had jeopardized trust in both the Justice Department and the Holder criticized for interventions in the first through his press conference recommending against indicting and now through casting on her. is incumbent upon him or the leadership of the department to dispel the uncertainty he has created before Election Holder wrote. Holder also joined nearly 100 former federal prosecutors in blasting for inviting uninformed public about the case before by the investigative relevance. The circulated by the refrained from characterizing motivations but said he had compromised the of the department and the informed Congress of the renewed attention on before obtaining a which the now to search for ties to private email server on electronic communications found on a laptop shared by aide and her estranged disgraced congressman Over the justice department officials began leaking that the US attorney had advised against going public with the potential connection. The campaign and the Democratic establishment have unloaded on months after praising him for declining an indictment recommendation. Four powerful all of whom are likely to become committee chairs should the Democrats win the chamber next have demanded a briefing from on the saga by the end of though it is unclear if the director will provide one. The top Harry openly accused of breaking the law to help elect Trump. The learned of a potential connection to the server weeks after opening an investigation into allegedly sending messages of a sexual nature to an underage girl. Will lose the US election because of the email Read allies contend he is caught in an impossible position. To stay silent before an election in the face of potentially significant developments in the case would invite a torrent of Republican congressional hearings. To speak publicly of an explosive particularly before establishing is to insert the into the election days before the right a said Ed who in 2014 retired from the after a career. made everybody mad at once in the year history has a president fired a director. Bill husband of the Democratic presidential fired S Sessions in after Sessions faced rebuke on ethics charges and abusing government funds. Bill went on to have a tumultuous relationship with the man he chose to replace whose investigated the believed could survive the intensifying political owing to his but said the would start off a potential administration in a difficult position. think any government bureaucracy wants to find itself in this kind of a situation as an he said. elections 
We off peak from to in using two advance tickets which cost each with my disabled But when the ticket inspector I find my though I had a photo of it on my mobile. She told me this acceptable and have to buy new tickets for an extra each. I to get off the but was told this possible and that I had to buy the new tickets. The inspector did mention that Virgin will sometimes reimburse the cost in such circumstances. On this basis I agreed to pay the additional fare. I immediately went on the Virgin website to submit the even asking the inspector to show me how to correctly fill in the complaint. As the train pulled into I found my in my bag it must have been trapped in the lining. I tried to find the but then I have been told by Virgin that my claim has been refused on the basis when I show my I escalated my complaint to which merely confirmed the accept that rail firms have to make sure people fraudulently travel on cheaper but in this case I had a card that I could have shown at the end. The price of the new ticket is totally disproportionate to the original cost. I have spent about a year for the past five years between and and find the response astounding. From a train if not from the point of the rules are crystal clear and are the same across the entire rail network. Under the terms and conditions of the and National Rail of a ticket must be accompanied by a valid if the card was used to obtain a discount in your it was. Until you have a valid replacement you have to pay the full which is not difference between the ticket prices but the train manager charged you for an which is one of the most compared with your advance single tickets. In ticket inspectors do have some discretion for but clearly this was not extended to you on this agreed to look into this case but did not change its is a rail industry standard that the customer is responsible for having their with them as this customer was found to be without their they were charged the full amount of a new ticket. This is something highlighted to customers when purchasing their is a handy opportunity to remind holders to always keep them in a safe place when and not to rely on photographic welcome letters but cannot answer individually. Email us at or write to Consumer the 90 Please include a daytime phone 
was out of options. When the mother was evicted and became homeless in May of she had just enough money to book a hotel for her and her two then aged seven and the following she worked to get her children to school on time each morning before carrying all of their belongings from one temporary home to the often forced to make dinners for the family out of hotel had fallen behind on rent during a difficult financial period and had begged her landlords for writing in one handwritten let us stay for at least a week because my boys do not have anywhere to go Do it for the sake of my housing the last one here. I know if I can stay or Read records show the sheriff ultimately forced her to surrender her was recalled in a recent interview. was very shocked They give us no possible that story could have turned out differently had she not lived in a building managed by A review of public records by the Mapping a suggests that the Bay Area real estate through his expansive portfolio of property companies and is number one research and an analysis by the Guardian reveal that in and his business firms have filed more than 3,000 eviction which are the first step in removing a tenant. The along with accounts from evicted paint a picture of painful displacement and rising income inequality in a city that is rapidly gentrifying amid the tech boom of nearby and Silicon evictions and the rent increases are part of an ecosystem leading to a massive demographic shift of who can live in said of the mapping project and of a new report on displacement in the region. Evictions and rent increases are leading to a massive demographic shift of who can live in the only way may be having an impact on The researchers were particularly shocked to discover that the apparent top has a seat on Mayor a body dedicated to promoting equity and affordable housing in an increasingly city. watched the story is a familiar one in the Bay where black residents have been displaced at alarming rates. By many the housing crunch has reached crisis levels in which has been deeply burdened by the migration out of the city across the bay known to have the priciest real estate in the country. Twitter said the eviction trapped her in a cycle of financial hardship. for the actually watched the said who lived in one of buildings for more than 15 years and said there many black residents left when he moved out a few years now has one of the rents in the US and the fourth most expensive rental with a median rent of a month for a some of the largest technology corporations continue to prosper in Silicon making the region to many and leading to mass activists have grown increasingly worried about the negative effect of tech in where is planning a major office is killing woman fights eviction in Read rents have nearly doubled from the median income of residents has increased by only leading some to suggest that it has the worst crisis of any major US Mapping which studies Bay Area collected data from the local rent board and found that landlords have filed about 50,000 eviction notices since 2008 the city failed to provide data for 2009 and The statistics largely refer to notices to pay or the first step in an eviction when a tenant misses a and the cases generally cover buildings protected by rent meaning older properties where landlords are limited in how they can raise the group also uncovered that dozens of the obscure limited liability corporations listed on the documents traced back to thousands of with properties scattered across the city. The Guardian was able to confirm that more than 3,000 notices included in the rent board database were tied to his told the Guardian that he has been in the business for 40 years and that his companies currently have a total of roughly 1,200 mostly in one of his he touts his work in in the and saying he was the forefront of the condominium conversion a process that removes rentals from the housing stock and can lead to displacement of some renters evicted by the consequences were does something to you said that when he lost a restaurant job in the management at his building refused to negotiate with people can't afford a home in How did it come to Read remember really good for I just need a little bit more time. I lost my the chef said in an interview. But his landlords moved forward with an and said he had to leave and move back in with his parents 30 miles away from the Bay Area restaurant scene where he was trying to build his career. Twitter Terry said he had to leave and move back in with his parents in a suburb 30 miles away when he was evicted. Courtesy of Terry was overall stress and a little bit of he said. evicted and forced to leave a place where you it does something to you said it also has been an ongoing battle to secure housing now that he has an eviction on his record. see that and like got a disease It is an extremely hard process to get back on your a tenant who faced two eviction lawsuits for missed rent said he felt targeted since he and his girlfriend at the time frequently spoke up about maintenance issues and other problems. During the second he said they decided to leave. were trying to do anything to get us out They like the fact that we complained and knew our They were trying to do anything to get us out They like the fact that we complained and knew our the mother who became homeless in said the eviction trapped her in a cycle of financial hardship. Paying nightly fees for she save enough money for a deposit on a new and the many challenges of homelessness made it impossible for her to have a steady job. had to start all over she attorney who handled the three said management was with those gave them opportunities to pay owed rent and granted their requests for additional time before they were forced to move claimed the mother was given multiple warnings and had missed several rent though court filings show she was only behind by one month when his company moved to evict difficult to know how many of eviction cases end in displacement. The mapping project also analyzed court records and found that over the past 10 has been associated with hundreds of eviction lawsuits next step after filing a Many of the thousands of rent board notices from may not have resulted in formal eviction cases in court. But activists note that in general there are numerous ways in which tenants are pushed out without may leave when they get a notice in an effort to avoid having an eviction on their some may not know their and some may face harassment from advocates much industry and his lawyer strongly disputed allegations that he is a major arguing that the notices are standard filings when tenants fall and that his companies work with tenants to help them stay. the Guardian interviewed several of his tenants who were given second chances after missing a payment. Twitter had to start all over for the evict unless somebody who is absolutely adding in a later email. eviction is a major tragedy in life and when a resident loses the ability to earn or provide sufficient money for shelter it is a societal with specific documentation on the number of said he could not comment on the veracity of the data. He also claimed that he gives tenants many chances to pay which is why he might have a high number of individual and further noted that he filed a much higher rate of eviction lawsuits during the foreclosure crisis 10 years ago. This he he has had fewer than 20 argued that the eviction numbers are simply a result of large volume of units and claimed that many of the buildings have who struggle to keep pretty much industry he said. fact that had to serve that many notices shows you the quality of tenants dealing If he is in fact the largest he is exactly the kind of person you want in the said in an interview that has not influenced any specific policies while on her housing cabinet and said it was useful to have executives such as him involved in a group that brings together developers and housing is certainly the type of person we would want to she said. he is in fact the largest he is exactly the kind of person you want in the ways to stem the tide of displacement is her top added. concerned with the total number of period It is horrific and it is damaging to this argued that the solution to housing crisis was to build more housing and raise the wages of and is the number one crisis in he said. we all need to do is work together to create more affordable housing for 
The outspoken Liberal National party backbencher has attacked a proposal by Labor to introduce a new parliamentary code of race ethics to counterbalance the return of One branding the concept correct social revealed on that Bill Shorten has asked to ask government to sign up to the proposed parliamentary which covers eight principles of tolerance and but said he seen it but it sounds like a politically socially engineering thing that led to the rise of in first to go as human rights confirms Read rebuff follows an internal debate in government ranks about the political perils of embracing with the Liberal backbencher some colleagues in the last parliamentary sitting week including for up to slapped declaring a correct and a member of an in who failed to respond to the feelings of their debate about the code of race ethics comes as Labor has launched a public petition against watering down the Racial Discrimination aiming to collect 20,000 signatures before the conclusion of the parliamentary wrote to supporters on arguing that public pressure would be critical to seeing off a renewed campaign to overhaul section of the launch follows a media campaign launched by Labor over the past week targeting and news messaging comes in response to significant from religious and racial minority groups. Indigenous and among have issued a statement saying they are that changes to section will send a signal that racism is acceptable in renewed campaign by government conservatives and the newspaper has sparked a fresh parliamentary inquiry into the examining whether sections and impose unreasonable restrictions on free will also examine whether the procedures of the Human Rights Commission should be a moral panic around is easier than solving our real problems Peter Lewis Read says it is unlawful for a person to do an act in public which is in all the circumstances to humiliate or another person or a group of people. Section makes exceptions for artistic event reports in the public interest and fair comment if it is in of a genuine held by the person making the told supporters in an email sent the community needed to rally to send the government a message against watering down hate speech time the Liberals tried to water down racial discrimination laws was two years ago under Tony Shorten said. how communities from dozens of different cultural backgrounds walked together in solidarity. They called it the walk for such strong community Tony backed down. we must raise our voices so that does the 
For a brief after a white supremacist carried out a massacre of black churchgoers in it seemed as though the Confederate battle that most divisive of might soon be on its way out of the political arena. But now that explosive and complicated vestige of the Old South is in a new to some newly disturbing context. During J. followers drawn to his rallies occasionally displayed the flag and other Confederate iconography. Since the his supporters and others have displayed the flag as a kind of rejoinder to protesters in places such as St. Fort and Traverse On Election Day in the flag appeared at a high school Trump where students reportedly told your leaving The day at College in the M. spoke to a worried describing his discomfort at seeing Confederate flags on display in the nearby city of Mount said that seeing the battle flag flying at a traditional unity parade in her felt someone had punched me in the Those who have publicly embraced the flag are a small minority of the more than 60 million who voted for Trump in the 8 election. But these and hundreds of reports of insults and threats directed at minorities and are forcing to confront vexing questions about the future of race relations under Trump and the extent to which his campaign has animated white resentment and even a budding white nationalism. The emergence of the flag in a context also comes as liberals and others have harshly criticized Trump for appointing as his chief White House strategist K. the former head of a website they accuse of trafficking in misogynist and ideas. Shortly after the an article posted on argued that the Confederacy was patriotic and idealistic and that its flag a glorious every every picket every telegraph pole in the South should be festooned with the Confederate battle the wrote. it high and fly it with How much the resurgence reflects anything more than the sentiments of those who fly it remains unclear. a native New declared shortly after announcing his candidacy that he supported a call by Gov. R. of South to remove the flag from the grounds of the Statehouse there after the mass shooting in The State after passionate eventually agreed to remove the flag. think they should put it in the let it respect whatever it is that you have to because it was a point in and put it in a Trump told reporters at the time. Historians say the battle flag has had shifting meanings over a symbol of white resistance to integration during the Civil Rights a more complicated but still racially charged symbol now. Grace a professor of studies and history at the University of who has written extensively about the segregation and white said the flag had long been a symbol for outsiders and a rebuke to the forces of decorum and political correctness. She said its use both in the South and outside could be seen as an expression of concern that white culture been displaced as the for the first time definitely in my people outside the South in a very public claiming a white racial she said. a Republican state representative from the small town of was one of a number of lawmakers who voted against removing the flag from the Statehouse grounds in 2015. To a supporter of the flag represents the heritage of those who fought for the Confederacy. But he acknowledged that the flag had also been by hate Asked why the flag was turning up in the hands of Trump he said he thought that it might be part of a backlash of working white voters who suspect that people in their often minorities are taking advantage of the federal welfare system. lot of these people who go to work every day are in the line at the grocery and over half the people are bringing out these to pay for the he said. Two days after the presidential race Ms. a writer and editor who lives in was back in her hometown to watch the Return Day a tradition in which winners and losers of local elections ride through town together in a show of and party leaders come together to bury an actual hatchet. There were marching bands and smiling and Ms. felt that perhaps the country was on its way to healing after a particularly ugly election. Then a white pickup rolled flying an a Trump flag and the battle flag. Ms. a white was standing next to a black friend at the time. I was Ms. said. She suspects that some white Trump supporters are indulging in new freedom to be politically incorrect now that the first president is on the way out. Trump declared his candidacy on the day before the massacre. He would go on to see his political stock rise at the same time as backlash was particularly among people who felt their heritage as white Southerners was under attack. Across the flag supporters staged more than 350 rallies after the shooting. During the the activist and filmmaker Rod documented the sale of Confederate flags with emblazoned on them outside a Trump rally in He said that he saw the flags for sale outside about 10 other campaign rallies. In inside a rally in a Trump supporter named draped such a flag over a although a campaign staff member and the local police eventually had it removed. told that he was not a racist or a white and he argued that the flag was about the Civil which he said about racism at because blacks fought in both Northern and Southern armies. said that he thought Trump would be fine with the display of the flag. he understands the he said. Since Election anecdotal accounts of discrimination targeting racial and religious minorities and bisexual and people have overrun news reports and social media. National organizations have begun tracking the seeking to verify their veracity and identify trends. The Southern Poverty Law Center has received more than 430 the majority of them for followed by episodes. Many of the events have occurred on middle and high school campuses. The Southern Poverty Law Center reports that many of the which range from offensive vandalism to physical have invoked Trump and his campaign slogans. The center has also collected some reports of Trump supporters being harassed by opponents. In an interview with that aired on Trump turned directly to the camera and addressed those who would commit hateful acts. will say right to the Stop he said. Though Trump called for the removal of the flag from the South the flag has ardent supporters among prominent members of the the group of conservatives that the League has called group of white nationalists and unabashed and Some extol the flag as a symbol of white resistance. Others describe something broader. the confederate Has become the universal symbol of Ray a Trump supporter and popular personality who goes by wrote in when he shared on Twitter a photograph of nationalists with the flag. the new context can seem almost baffling to those Southerners for have been making the case that it is strictly a symbol of Southern sacrifice from a war settled long ago. we are naturally suspicious of all politicians and political parties because they have completely politicized our symbols and the commander of the North division of the Sons of Confederate wrote in an email this week. The he keep flags and other symbols of Confederate heritage intact are usually hard against long odds and without any political
Protests against the election of Trump continued across the US on and progressives urge Democratic party to stand up and fight Read New where peaceful marches along downtown streets have taken place since the day after shock presidential election victory over more than 10,000 people indicated on that they would attend a noon march from Union Square to Trump the future home and corporate marchers mustered at East 17th Street and estimated the turnout at 2,000. As the march began to the true figure seemed closer to the promised my the crowd set off up Fifth Avenue under heavy police escort. A protesters 41 and may have won the election but I will never accept what he stands for or his not for myself or my a video editor holding a sign that read want Trump to know democracy is not going to be pushed aside. I want him to know educated about going on. This is a way to vent our anger in a healthy way and to let people know not an focused on the quirk of the US electoral system which saw win the popular vote but lose in the electoral college. march will bring into focus that we said. one person. At the vote in is worth four times what mine is. This is the second time in 16 years Gore in against W a Democrat has won the popular vote but lost the electoral college. There were so many irregularities in this election that have to be looked remarks reported by and her head of opinion research were reported to have blamed her defeat on two letters to Congress from director concerning the use of a private email server while secretary of march was later stopped a block away from gaudy Fifth Avenue skyscraper where earlier in the day protester a nurse told the can continue to make our protest heard for every piece of every cabinet every amendment he tries to overturn set this country back 50 years. will protect civil gay the environment and world peace. And we protect the stabilization of our economy as diverse and restaurant staff said business had picked up according to one since election night. Although heavy security ringed Trump the which has become a temporary home for journalists awaiting information from and sightings of members of transition was open to the public. At excitement briefly flared as Republican National Committee chair picked by some pundits as a future White House chief of was seen in an elevator. Independence party leader was seen to enter the blames letters for election reports say Read visitors said the election result had prompted their interest. we thought we must go see Trump said from in the city to catch a show. A Trump said she found protests against the protesters should just accept the result and get on with she before a dozen crowd control officers bearing bundles of wrist restraints arrived at Trump Tower. Police at the scene said their arrival was not necessarily unusual and did not signal that law enforcement was anticipating took place in other including and with 6,000 protesters reported to be present in In marchers congregated beneath the palm trees of Park before marching towards stressed that the protests should remain peaceful. In on a protester was shot and not On police said they had detained four believed to be gang nationwide expressed determination to build momentum ahead of in on 20 march on the capital was planned for inauguration focused on alleged mistreatment of women. groups were also making plans for according to circulating a founder of Black Lives said the movement was and and vowed to build bigger and stronger than the hate Trump and his team have exhibited towards marginalized efforts to lessen anger have increased. In interview excerpts released on Trump called and said the call he received from her on election night not have been Twitter Why elected Trump Tower on a Trump voter from New said that though was very much a surprise he he thought should reform the electoral Lee just people trying to cause a not going to change he leader attacks campaign for taking vote for granted Read a tweet late on Trump blamed protests against his victory on incited by the and said such marches were tarnishing his electoral which he said was After intense he said in a second post that he appreciated the for our great shown by leaders sought to direct anger to positive ends. senator Warren urged disappointed supporters to focus their anger on volunteer work and outreach arguing that loss could be attributed to her reluctance to fully focus on economic head of the US Chamber of told the Guardian lost because her campaign neglected 
obligation for working parents is a precise the feeling that one ought to work as if one did not have while raising children as if one did not have a a friend recently wrote on My immediate reaction was sadness as it made me think about my own roles as a parent and a senior HR manager. But do we really need to pigeonhole ourselves to be Forgive yourself for feeling you're not being a working parent takes its toll. I run out of my last meeting at and dash to the tube. If I miss the I have to wait another 15 minutes for the next one. I have to collect my from nursery by and I feel rising anxiety trying to get back on time. I hate it when among the last to be picked up and feel a sense of disappointment in returning to most parents opt for some sort of flexible arrangement. When I returned to work I wanted to meet the expectations of my peers and while knowing that I was giving my child the best possible start and as much time as I could. But I found not as simple as switching into mum mode the moment I leave the office. I spent my commute on the doing work replying to making every second count before making my primary focus for the next few hours until she fell asleep. After I used to be back on my emails finishing my tasks for the felt I had to justify my new working arrangement by being available all the resulting in a sense of frustration that I able to give either work or parenting This was not only but impossible to keep how can you juggle it all in a way that works not only for but also those around honest with fair to yourself and make sure your manager is aware of what is possible and what I work but of course I would end up working. Although I am part my workload has not reduced in sometimes more. At first I found myself with a relentless need to check my work phone and reply to emails while looking after This feasible and I needed to find a balance. I now have arranged to work two hours from home on that day off. a more realistic an reasonably about your working practices and be charities leading the way with working cultures Read how you will your meeting administration or email management by working such an arrangement to your own advantage and that of the company. Do your best follow your passions and be confident in your experience and the support mechanisms in place there for a reason and leaning on them make you any less efficient or quite the opposite. With more than 14 experience in I understand that overcoming the challenges of being a working mum is not something I can do alone. I feel lucky to be working in a supportive environment that embraces my role as a mother and as a senior member of the to your manager to reset goals and allow yourself to get anxious about the unknown when a simple conversation may be all you need to set things straight. Forgive yourself for feeling uncertainty or as not alone. How accountable you feel depends on the kind of employer you work for and whether or not they have great role models and can adapt to change. We can all get swept up in the way things have always been done rather than creating new ways of working that serve a better purpose in to that original is that how I Perhaps at but only when I forget to feel proud of being a successful working mother one fulfilled person rather than two separate entities. I hope I am not alone in feeling for a Browse Guardian Jobs or sign up to Guardian Careers for the latest job vacancies and career at and 
It be the technologists tell before all be vacationing in virtual reality. can the commute and hold meetings in virtual reality offices. hang out with our friends around virtual reality or attend virtual reality concerts. And at those gigs or football also run the risk of getting sexually 20 wrote a Medium post describing while she was recently playing a another player groped her crotch. heard her you deduced that she was and decided to put her in her place. Sexual harassment in virtual reality feels all too real creepy beyond Read the total immersion that is this violation felt worryingly real and very distressing. described it as sexual assault. been sexually assaulted in real life the experiences were her post started to go strangers informed her that she was sexually assault someone in virtual not actually She was told she should stop whining about something that had just happened in a computer game. The backlash was so intense that it caused to suspend her Twitter you be sexually assaulted in virtual And can anything be done to prevent Those are a few of the most pressing ethical questions investors and we the public will face as grows. And growing it is. According to there was worth of augmented reality investments in the 12 months to 2016. Group has estimated that by the industry could be worth big ethical understand the importance of in our we need to think of it not as an industry but as an a new way of interacting with the world. gone from desktops to mobile the next is It can be hard to see this is still in its infancy and can be easily dismissed as or just for gamers. as the technology the potential of is enormous. It could change our our and how we live our lives. What excites people about is its just give you the opportunity of being in other it lets you put yourself in other shoes. As often been described as an director of Virtual Human Interaction has said that prejudice by walking a mile in someone shoes is what was made Charities are leveraging empathy equity to help people understand what like to be a refugee. The is using it for diversity training. As has enormous potential for good. as experience also it also has potential for very real harm. Think about the harassment that women and minorities are routinely subject to today. To understand we need to think of it not as an but as a new way of interacting with the think about that in virtual reality. If not careful we could end up amplifying the divides and inequality in the real world in a virtual we could effectively make a area for anyone who a privileged straight white we want virtual reality to have a positive impact on our actual we need to start designing for this anticipating the potential for harassment and discrimination in and finding ways to stop them. We need to avoid the mistakes that were made when social media networks were developed. The most important way to do that is ensuring that the people who are creating technology and content are from a diverse set of backgrounds. After what we get out of depends on what we put into a says we are at a turning point with the way we interact computationally with the world is going to shift. If we have diverse people in the beginning of that conversation then we will just increase this gulf that we have between people who are able to be part of that conversation and those who bug in the has been a bug that an overwhelmingly male Silicon Valley has been trying to fix for several so far unsuccessfully. Defending themselves against their dismal diversity tech companies often like to focus on the that there simply enough skilled minorities to hire in the first place. they have that excuse with virtual reality. Because is in its still a fairly flat playing field when it comes to who is equipped to break into it. got a chance to fix that pipeline from its start. to be tech companies seem to be rising to the occasion. Picturing photo project captures the unseen diversity of Silicon Valley Read this year the announced a diversity program called Launch Pad to attract the development efforts of people of members of the was selected to be one of around 100 Launch Pad fellows and took part in a virtual reality in May. Since then has mentored the fellows via forums and will be announcing scholarships for select fellows in the next couple from a spate of food poisoning one fellow told had large numbers of the diversity fellows violently vomiting in the bathrooms during the all seemed to be going very well with the Launch Pad program. Many of the fellows praised it as an example of how Silicon Valley should be thinking about and going about diversity. Diversity programs can often feel superficial or but Launch Pad feel like a said a diversity fellow. felt like have all these questions in and we need as many people solving these questions as It felt like they understood the value of diversity in helping to come up with novel on 22 news broke that Palmer had been secretly funding a organization called Nimble a shady organization has now erased itself from the dedicated to swaying the election way through This basically involves troll armies overwhelming conversations with inane The idea being to derail conversations shut people up. the opposite of an open the opposite of back at the people in the community look up to idolize him even. He is a who developed a groundbreaking headset in his basement then sold it to for in 2014. one of the most influential people in and only just turned 24. Twitter Palmer the founder of on the cover of Time magazine. Time idea that he might be aligned with the a group that has been vocal in its hatred for many marginalized caused widespread dismay. Some developers said they would boycott as a platform. A number of the diversity fellows started to wonder how serious really was about diversity. It help shortly after the news about diversity emailed Launch Pad participants to say she was leaving the company. She was replaced by Ebony who had spent two years at as an executive assistant. not clear whether this had anything to do with neither Thole nor responded to multiple requests for comment. Shortly also announced that it was delaying the announcement of the Launch Pad scholarship and the fellows have been frustrated at the lack of communication from of the diversity fellows began to wonder whether it would feel right taking money anyway. one of these people. answer taking money from powerful white men that I disagree with is my happy she told me over think that marginalized people should deny themselves opportunities because of something foolish that a young white guy is whether marginalized people might end up being denied opportunities because of something a privileged white guy did. When influential people align themselves with extreme they help normalize them. who at 60 is one of the oldest fellows on the Launch told me she believes that actions set precedent that implied racism is This has real ramifications on the working culture in tech which has a effect in diversity in tech and really challenging to live and create in a culture. hard. an ethos and an ethic and a style of relating that in many cases is quite painful for women and Palmer actions set a precedent that implied racism is diversity is just one man. While he appears to still be employed by nor responded to repeated requests for he necessarily represent their as made clear in an apology he posted after the news first broke. at the Connect developer conference earlier this month from which was conspicuously absent by extension announced it would be spending to fund diversity programs for the same time that is throwing money at diversity and distancing itself from it has found itself dealing with Peter support of Trump. an influential board member of recently gave to the Republican presidential nominee. As this donation came in the wake of multiple sexual assaults allegations against the it was construed by some as condoning actions. Mark has stood by defending donation in an internal framing it as a question of Diversity of points of he was as important as diversity of of diversity is worrying sophistry. Everyone is entitled to their of course. But most people have the power and influence that the likes of and do. These are the people at the helm of building the infrastructure of who are leveraging technology to create a virtual world to their tastes. If Trump loses in his followers may well just build an alternative in the virtual world. And that will have a real effect on us 
The emails found on government computers were by turns racist and and their piecemeal beginning in by G. then the attorney general of sent two State Supreme Court justices and an assortment of other officials packing amid suspicions of overly cozy relationships between judges and prosecutors in the state. Ms. by then embroiled in scandal late last year hired an outside F. to comb through the whole trove and see what else was there. And even as Ms. who in August was convicted on criminal conspiracy and other charges and sentenced to 10 to 23 months in prison after illegally leaking grand jury records took her own spectacular fall from the investigation lingered as an unwritten coda to her stormy tenure. Would it be a swipe from the political revealing more offensive conduct by the she had come into office swearing to The answer came on in the form of a there were more inappropriate emails sent by current and retired state officials nearly 12,000 in all including obscene photographs and a racist joke about the first Thirteen including three more were found to have offensive and 38 more people were found to be senders of offensive or explicit content. communications demonstrate a fundamental and dangerous degree of impropriety that threatens public confidence in a fair and unbiased law enforcement and judicial and impartial governance more wrote who did not recommend criminal charges. according to the current attorney R. the investigation had erroneously flagged many like exchanges about breast as inappropriate. It had not uncovered new evidence of communication that undermined the justice system. And none of the senders identified in the report would be named. said that releasing the names of people identified in the review unfairly damage their and leave the attorney office and law vulnerable to potential lawsuits. He added that some of those identified in the report could go or had gone through private disciplinary processes. The which said cost about had been a of taxpayer money. all labor and money that not able to use fighting the heroin or protecting he said. the author of the said he had been instructed by office not to comment. The decision not to name additional individuals came as a disappointment to observers like Peter F. a former federal prosecutor in who has written columns voicing his concerns about the coziness the emails appeared to reveal between prosecutors and judges. cannot understand prosecutors saying nothing wrong with this this said no that is totally Others pointed out that Ms. herself held off on releasing many names and emails in the citing labor regulations. Some of the materials were released in court proceedings. the executive director of the Center for Women and said the emails had nevertheless revealed there are these racist networks and beliefs that exist in a lot of different areas of power in and it was quite alarming for all of Ms. Brown added that with details left out of the think a lot of taxpayers and citizens are still going to be wanting to know some more
Young migrant children held in one of the most controversial detention in the US have been restricted from playing with crayons after staff members accused them of causing damage to property. The move has been branded as unnecessarily punitive by lawyers working on behalf of 600 mothers and children detained at the detention in might Trump's deportations look system that defies Read at is one of three federal facilities that holds migrant mothers and children. These family are one of the most controversial elements of the border protection which looks set to rapidly expand under the incoming Trump presidency. A spokeswoman for the Refugee and Immigrant Center for Education and Legal Services which provides pro legal support to detainees at said detention staff enforced the ban after accusing children of damaging a table as they drew inside the visitation last week. The damage is said to have occurred as some mothers were taking legal advice. In email correspondence seen by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement staff state the punishment was action resulting from crayons which have given children which has caused property damage to the The the global security company that operates the has made over from it since last according to local media reports. A spokesman for group said toys and books were provided to children in other sectors of the detention and the restriction only affected children playing in the visitors area. an adjunct professor at the University of and member said in a letter to ICE that the reaction was a color markings as of is altogether inappropriate. And such markings are a cost that comes with the detention of children. It is extremely disturbing that concern for property takes precedence over the well being of the children and their rights to legal she wrote. In an emailed one detained mother said banning her children from drawing with crayons was already having an adverse effect. are too young to read and if they just play can get too rowdy. We always want them with us because some of the things we share we want them to the mother said. ICE did not respond to a request for comment by 
that authoritative source of news and opinion about Party has reported that is becoming a key battleground in internal struggles for and that the left of the party in the capital has up its for internal to the regional board next month. The membership is important among other it will play a substantial role in response to the parliamentary constituency boundary review as List puts likely see from different wings of the party go up against each other in and has a big influence over who gets picked to run for council seats. Thoughts are already turning to the borough elections of List says that the activist group that supports is working hard to promote candidates for the board that are to its but that a rival which elements of the soft as well as its and is doing the same. people sounded out fully this nuanced description of the activist landscape in the capital. Could there be significant shifts in the political disposition of candidates and elected politicians in over the next few Might senior figures be brought What might be the implications for and for the where about of total membership lives and where the party has consistently gained ground in recent notwithstanding the mayoralties of Early inquiries around boroughs have produced an interesting range of answers. They have suggested wide variations across the capital from borough to borough but also from ward to sometimes depending on who the sitting MP is or attitudes to particular local issues and often on how well different tendencies within local memberships contacts in and and report no impending disturbance of the status quo. From one of the boroughs where membership has grown a it is observed that many of the newcomers have been enthused by but necessarily or involved in for Momentum. It may be instructive to see how aspiring successors to mayor Sir who is to retire and will therefore not seek in 18 approach the other parts of there are indications that the jostling is intense. I gather that in there is lively competition among differing factions to secure local party posts and exert influence on the while in according to one there are threats of right across the borough from new members on the left. There are definitely worries within corridors of power that some current could be above I just a tentative initial sketch of what looks to be a picture of grassroots activism in the capital. It would be both premature and crude to predict some let alone pontificate about what such a thing might mean for fortunes. It may turn out that not a huge amount will as one experienced put it would take an awful lot of time and energy to engineer the sort of huge shift to the left that some of admirers would That all and any significant changes in the political complexion are relevant to its people and its future. They are therefore also of interest to this column. Readers who can help me track them in fuller detail are welcome to comment below or to email Thank Hill on 
top whipped to vote for costs to let Bake Off The Crown out for three calls last two years rights should not human rights tests new Reader mode on detains editor and staff at opposition uncertainty dragging back revenues at warns Sir Martin head leaked debate question to emails of the rest Twitter has named as its acting chief executive. Mark names acting and shuffles operations again ads will provide of ad revenues by says media association Century Fox names News where the will fall calling for X Honey G to be axed gets more support after launches monthly newsletter inform in breach of government rules finally ... Twitter Battlefield campaign has been pulled. are many examples of thoughtless and inappropriate social media but the recently pulled campaign for first shooter Battlefield 1 is a pretty good contender for worst timed and least sensitive of the year. 
Every week a Guardian Money reader submits a and up to you to help him or her out a selection of the best answers will appear in next I find it incredibly difficult to buy presents for my grandparents. 87. I used to buy books but their eyesight is declining. What do people of that age really appreciate as a you have a problem readers could Email your suggestions to or write to us at The Kings 90 
I stopped speaking on my 27th birthday in because I found myself arguing all the time. After witnessing an oil spill in Bay in I gave up using vehicles and started walking everywhere as a statement about pollution. I lived in a small village on the west coast of where I kept getting into debates about whether one person could make a difference. I would rant and rave about how everyone should do what I was used words to hide from other and from myself. I made things if someone told me they were going on a trip to pretend I was I guess I had low I decided not to speak for one as a kind of gift to my community. My girlfriend thought I was doing a nice thing. When I woke the next I see any reason to so I When others spoke to I mimed that I was being silent. They were the first everyone thought it was and I I was actually listening for a change. I had always been so used to thinking about what I was going to say a few people started getting worried. My girlfriend wanted me to stop. I sent a letter to my parents in telling them I spoken for three weeks and that I was thinking of not speaking for a year. My dad got on the next plane. They thought been taken over by a he he told me to get in the car to go to his but I shook my head and walked my fingers in the air. When we got into his hotel he you can talk But when I still he was beside himself. This went on for liked not speaking. It gave me peace. People ask if I spoke to but why would just have complained when I had no one to blame but myself. I did slip up a couple of times. After about six I bumped into someone in the grocery store and My laugh was completely friends said that was the weirdest thing. My girlfriend came around to understanding why I was doing but when I decided to walk from to to explore the we went our separate the 10th anniversary of not I spoke for a day. I want it to feel as if it a choice. I was in and I called my parents. My mother picked up and thought it was my brother messing around. I had to prove it was me by telling her something only we I reminded her of when I walked to meet her and my dad in and we were in an elevator and she you were really serious about this you ride in an spent 28 years on death row Read this I gained a and in environmental studies. I learned some sign language to help me and I walked across the United playing my and became known as 17 years of not I felt I had something to say. People came to hear me in a hotel in My first words you for being But I my voice and just started laughing. I saw my dad sitting in the looking at me he really is Having listened to thousands of I we had a narrow view of what the environment is. more than saving about how we treat each and that includes gender and economic equality and civil met my wife just after I started speaking again because my focused on oil the US Coastguard hired me after the disaster. Now I teach in schools and give talks around the world. I started using vehicles again in after 22 while walking through to I that walking had become a prison for me. I still being silent every and sometimes speak for several days at a time. It reminds me to listen not to judge what I think but to try to understand what people are really As told to you have an experience to Email and 
held its breath on as began a frantic final stretch of campaigning while clinging to a lead over Trump that for many Democrats is still too close for of election day violence looms as Trump spurs vigilante poll watchers Read late Republican surge in national opinion polling appeared to have peaked leaving the celebrity businessman an average of short of his according to barely 48 hours before election day both candidates were focused on data and profiling early trying to make sense of an unusually muddied turned to an army of her own celebrities to underline the risk that poor especially among young voters and could easily usher in the election of a demagogue whose threat to US constitutional values is viewed as unprecedented in modern political on she was due to appear with the Cavaliers basketball legend following a concert there on with Jay Z and The Democrats have already fielded Wonder in and in in the largest and often most decisive swing her running was due to appear alongside rock star in St on a rally of his own on in Trump need Jay Z to fill up arenas. We did it the He also criticized the language used by the rap star in his performance at event on actually like Jay Z but the language last Trump said. The Republican whose campaign has been badly damaged by a leaked audio recording in which he discussed grabbing women the never used language like that in my Republican nominee was preceded on stage by a celebrity supporter of his a former cast member on Night back in the list of states targeted by Democratic big guns were assuming defensive seeking to protect traditionally blue states seen as in case Republicans overwhelm tighter battlegrounds such as and was thought to be heading to New and on the eve of the election. was set for on Our campaign has to leverage this early voting period to build a lead Trump is incapable of campaign was encouraging news for from with the end of early voting on Democrats saw record turnout in the giving them a major lead and leaving Trump needing a miracle to win its six electoral votes. Trump was still scheduled to campaign in later on flying to Reno for a rally. That stop was part of effort to hit states in hopes of pulling off an upset. He will also campaign in and all states where has long maintained a lead. Trump announced on morning that he would campaign in a state Republicans have not won in a presidential election since was in on in another rally notable for newfound discipline and an absence of the erratic outbursts that have tended to distract from his core continued to seek to exploit news of fresh inquiries into use of a private email server while secretary of state. In a final few days in which each side tries to make this unpopular election about the other the jibe the has replaced the as most common aides claim to have ridden out the wave of momentum for Trump that followed last shock letter from the pointing in particular at record levels of early such as that seen in campaign has to leverage this early voting period to build a firewall in states with early voting to turn out supporters early and build up a lead that Trump is incapable of campaign told are also leaning heavily on their vastly stronger ground using an army of volunteers and record donations to bring out their supporters. the start of early voting in late been able to knock on doors and have made phone which is more than doors or phone calls in total and more than per day throughout the early voting said director of state campaigns and political engagement. Twitter for someone who and Jay Z back as woman for continued erratic polling particularly from those firewall are giving many Democrats cause for concern. Three national polls published on morning put 12 points one point up and five points behind Trump a sign of just how unpredictable polling science has become in a scrambled landscape where traditional methods of reaching voters are breaking it have to be for Yes. why Read attempts to smooth out variation produce wildly differing average ranging from the 1.8 points seen by the to 5.5 points from the the most analysts are focusing instead on models that use state and even county demographics. But even these have seen huge leading website to forecast that Trump has up to a one in three chance of becoming leads in states such as and have seen the models move most in recent days. Electoral math suggests that if Trump can succeed in North New and he will only need to win one of those firewall states to reach the 270 electoral votes he needs to become path to victory nonetheless relies on a remarkable streak of good leaving the clear The threat of an upset been enough to drive the stock market index to nine straight sessions of decline Wall longest string of losses in 36 activists plan to converge on the White House on to sing protest songs as the election results come 1600 Avenue was eerily quiet on shrouded in construction fences. Signs said and personnel elections 
President campaign officials have dismissed a poll suggesting that Trump may have taken the lead in the final days before insisting they see no evidence of a negative impact from new email speaker has repaid Trump for months of acrimony including a refusal to endorse by voting for him. In a continuation of the weird Republican quirk this cycle of not naming told Fox Friends that he had voted for in former beauty queen introduced by describing her interactions with Trump during her reign as Miss Universe 1996. was only 18 years old a little said. was still so much I know. Trump was overwhelming. I was scared of him. He made fun of and I know how to respond. He told me that I looked and I was massive. He even called me names. He said to Eating it became a joke. was the Fat Miss Universe. It was really painful for me. He was the presidential election one week a handful of Republicans are already vowing to oppose any nominee to the supreme court proposed by should she be elected. At least three Republican senators of Burr of North and John of have voiced support for indefinitely blocking from filling the supreme court vacancy left by the late justice of the most respected including eight have signed and published a letter urging US voters not to support Republican presidential nominee calling Trump a destructive who would doom the country to or senator who is expected to cruise to reelection victory in next election despite fellow Republican underwater polling numbers in the told the Daily News that use of private email servers are impeachable offenses. campaign responds to the endorsement of Trump by a The Trump campaign responded with criticism of the article. Trump and the campaign denounces hate in any form. This publication is repulsive and their views do not represent the tens of millions of who are uniting behind our campaign. A US firm hired by a bank to investigate allegations of a secret line of communication with the Trump Organization said on there was no evidence so far of substantive email or financial which is owned by the company said it examined server logs presented to the bank by media investigating the link. Trump. Chip magazine Slate published a story on about communication between a server hosting Trump domain addresses and a server owned by the owned by two and worked with in city government in St in the early Slate quoting a range of said the communication between the servers suggested it was human rather than and that it was intended to be secret and a said it had been presented with a log of the communication between the servers over a period of 90 listing the separate information presented is inconclusive and is not evidence of substantive contact or a direct email or financial link between Bank and the Trump campaign or the statement said. list presented does not contain enough information to show that there has been any actual activity opposed to simple which can come from a variety of sources including and other security statement part of the ongoing Bank has opened its IT systems to which has investigated both remotely and on the ground in We are continuing our investigation. Nothing we have or have found alters our view as described above that there evidence of substantive contact or a direct email or financial link between Bank and the Trump campaign or firm fails to find links between Trump and bank Read more P. the land commissioner better known as the son of Bush and nephew of W. told the Associated Press today that the only member of the storied political clan to vote for Trump and Mike Pence in the upcoming P. Bush tells that he's the only Bush to vote the ticket. Both 41 43 may go for he and refer to Bush and W. who served as the 41st and 43rd if either could vote for Bush told the Associated But hard to From press Trump finished his speech at pausing near the end as his audience erupted in a chant of President left at in the joining motorcade for a ride to the airport and a flight to speech was and lacking in the departures that tend to characterize his rallies. In your humble Trump has not stayed this in any other public rally since the Republican National Convention. Your would bet an expensive lunch that he diverted very little from his prepared remarks. senator who is expected to cruise to reelection victory in next election despite fellow Republican underwater polling numbers in the told the Daily News that use of private email servers are impeachable purposefully circumvented this was willful concealment and said. not a but this is clearly written. I would say high crime or I believe she is in violation of both referred to two laws regarding the willful destruction or removal from proper custody of information relating to the national the punishment for which includes fines and the forfeiture of holding elected dismissed the conclusion by the that did not break the was a corrupt election is a binary but she has disqualified said of would love to be voting for and sure the Democrats would rather be voting for Harry but the reality is that is not our Hundreds of the most respected including eight have signed and published a letter urging US voters not to support Republican presidential nominee calling Trump a destructive who would doom the country to or Trump is a destructive choice for the the letter after listing off more than a dozen reasons for voters to support a different candidate. misinforms the degrades trust in public institutions with conspiracy and promotes willful delusion over engagement with reality. If he poses a unique danger to the functioning of democratic and economic and to the prosperity of the country. For these we strongly recommend that you do not vote for 370 which include Oliver Hart of one of the two winners in economics this and the chief economist at the World accuse Trump in trust in public institutions that collect and disseminate information about the including the Bureau of Labor voters asserting that the renegotiation of or the imposition of tariffs on China would substantially increase employment in diverted the policy discussion to options that ignore both the reality of technological progress and the benefits of international misled the public by asserting that US manufacturing has suggesting that of negotiators primarily drives trade voters with statements about trade agreements eroding national income and the of public discussions of the national debt and deficits by suggesting that eliminating Environmental Protection Agency or the Department of Education would significantly reduce the fiscal claims he will eliminate the fiscal but has proposed a plan that would decrease tax revenue by to trillion over the next decade according to the Tax reduction in public saving that is likely to the US trade immigration as red herring to mislead voters about issues of economic the electorate by declaring that US is one of the most heavily taxed statements reveal a deep ignorance of economics and an inability to listen to credible the signatories conclude. repeats fake and misleading economic and pushes fallacies about the VAT and trade competitiveness. He promotes magical thinking and conspiracy theories over sober assessments of feasible economic policy Polls are often conducted over multiple so only just starting to measure the effect of the decision to release new details of its investigation into private email server to lawmakers on According to the Post tracking poll published on the Democratic candidate has now slipped behind on to her Republican The polling average calculated by a much better indication of national shows is now leading by just 2 percentage down from 5 percentage points a week numbers are interesting but not necessarily indicative polling neatly translate to votes. Far more important will be the turnout especially since the two leading presidential candidates are so close in terms of unpopularity. And the candidates know it. A senior adviser to Trump reportedly revealed last week that have three major voter suppression operations under intended to reduce votes for among white liberals and young though election day is still a week we already have some clues about whether turnout is lower among those groups because more than ballots have already been cast under the US early voting system. Approximately 125 million to 145 million are predicted to vote in the 2016 so those early votes represent a significant share of the expected turnout than at this time in the 15 states that provide detailed information about those North and nine other states report more early voters than at the same point in the 2012 election. and showed a decline in early and those declines were signs of declining turnout from black voters and young early results offer mixed news for Early votes suggest that young voters who are much more likely than older voters to lean Democratic might be staying at home. In 12 fewer aged 18 to 29 have cast a ballot so far in this election compared with this point in 2012. This could be especially problematic for if this group is indicative of a broader or sentiment in which supporters of the former Democratic candidate Sanders choose to stay at home rather than voting for voters the only demographic group that appears put off. Early votes suggest that black turnout has fallen in eight states especially in North a state that yields 15 of the 270 electoral college votes needed to win the election and where polling suggests is in a close contest. If strategy is indeed to suppress the black that makes a lot of sense those voters could be crucial for to secure the White polls tighten but turnout is the real key to v Trump Read more Speaking in Trump predicted unprecedented constitutional if were to be elected work of government would come to an unbelievably Trump and is likely to be investigated for likely to be concluded with a very criminal audience chanted her in is a message for any Democratic voter who have already cast their ballot for and have a severe case of Trump referring to a few states included where early ballots can be reversed before election day. lot of stuff has come out since can change your vote to Trump make great She will never make Speaking in Republican presidential nominee Trump greeted the audience by declaring that one we are going to win the great state of the as tough Trump moved swiftly past local flavor for a casual listing of polls or that show him surging in battleground on the cusp of something incredible. Historic change that transfers power from a failed political Trump said. Watch it live
I recently shopped in my local arriving in the early evening when the car park was half empty. I see the which were not specifying a maximum stay of one and a half hours. I had a lot of shopping to do with several questions about pricing and finally spent There was no indication from the staff as to the danger of overstaying welcome in a car park that was now empty. Imagine the shock when I received a demand for from apparently because I had overstayed by 15 minutes. The language and tenor of the letter were promising to pursue me for payment. I will not pay this outrageous but can you imagine the distress such produces in like and should be boycotted until it sees some sense. In our view it seem unreasonable for major supermarkets and retailers to provide their customers are going to spend money with with unlimited free but of course money to be made from this. car parks throughout the are managed by and although has told us before that it does not receive any revenue from parking that does not stop us from receiving a regular flurry of your case you admitted to overstaying by 15 but you also wrote to with a copy of your receipt. Happily for has the charge. It first contacted us on 28 and took a little longer than it would usually do to resolve because he provide an email so the appeal system had to be taken forward via letter was sent on 11 to let him know that his charge has been so he should receive it if he no need to boycott just welcome letters but cannot answer individually. Email us at or write to Consumer the 90 Please include a daytime phone 
What do Serge John Khan and have in sets sights on Congress as Trump attacks his accusers Read have been on the receiving end of insults as the businessman spent more than a year pursuing futile feuds that may go a long way toward costing him the White chorus of hands slapping against Republican foreheads was almost audible each time the nominee threw off any of and lashed distracting onlookers from his efforts to present himself as moderate or exploit weaknesses. This week they are doubtless praying that he squander the golden opportunity presented by the investigation into a new batch of emails that may be related to private is on the verge of blowing former White House press tweeted on 30 Focus on No one else. is your opponent. No one else a former secretary and Republican senator for the breaking point came in last year. Soon after launching his presidential Trump said of the senator and former prisoner of war John not a war hero. a war hero because he was captured. I like people who later emerged that Trump had been granted four education draft deferments and one medical. The latter was due to bone spurs in his who was best was outraged about it. To this day John lift his arm to shoulder level. To say that about what he went through being his sense of from a man who avoided the draft with a bone I think so. It turned me there was the Republican primary in which Trump dismissed rivals as and gone out of his way to denigrate and the you can think of. I think that gives you real insight into the now heads a business advisory firm. He unheard of in my lifetime to see anyone engaged in this vulgarity and crudity of language and attitude. What seen is something pretty horrific in our political system that never seen before and I hope never see incident also weighed heavily on Republican strategist Rick despite his own past clashes with the 2008 presidential nominee. the most outrageous and revealing he the attack on the Khan family and the continued attacks from his whose an was killed in denounced Trump at the Democratic national convention in while brandishing a copy of the US constitution. Trump the Gold Star family while claiming that he too had made sacrifices as a triggering a wave of revulsion. Twitter Father of you have sacrificed list of people insulted is long and distinguished. There are no boundaries on this guy about who going to offend. angry at everybody and acts in a way that reflects his poor impulse control. basically is a tough game and we have elbows out but there are certain lanes we try not to play out of. one of the toughest but I leave children out of it. astonished at what gotten away to a running total compiled by the New Trump has insulted 279 places and things on Twitter alone. Republicans were ultimately forced to conclude that Trump would be a man who cannot change and has no intention of doing so. They will never know if staying might have left him running far closer in the straw that broke the once press secretary to said his patience ran out in when the nominee claimed that a judge who was born in was biased against him in a civil case over Trump University because his parents were from was antithetical to everything worked for in public Galen said. looks like the actual turning point was the Miss Universe which not only offended women but they told their husbands they should be offended too. one thing to John but a big boy and can look after himself. When he went after a woman over an image that would unite of women and men and was the straw that broke the won the Miss Universe pageant in 1996. brought up the largely forgotten case at the end of the first presidential saying Trump had called her because she is To the dismay of his Trump took the bait and talked about for telling Fox gained a massive amount of and it was a real sees the entire universe in terms of how it affects Galen said. simply have the temperament to be president of the United States. He figured out what the country had been mad he was the wrong messenger for the right accused immigrants of being drug traffickers and criminals at his campaign launch in 2015. He said Fox News presenter had coming out of her He mocked a New Times reporter who has a congenital joint a videotape came to light in which Trump boasted about groping and then several women came forward to accuse him of sexual he did what he always he picked a fight with his accusers and the media that reported their claims. Twitter sex you are a star they let you do outlandish statements have stunned Republican party grandees. a former chair of the Republican National Committee who served under as US trade representative and secretary of him for attacking both who are fair and who are has not been a distance drawn between individuals not involved in politics the Khan family and the the the which are a part of his core message and tend to reinforce what his supporters said. has been an unwillingness or inability to choose the targets that really would validate his message rather than just what pops up at that is no fan of and feels she has made insults of her own. thing troubling about the Trump support he almost they exist to much of When said a judgment unethical and high unpopularity and the current flare up around the probe into whether she mishandled classified information as secretary of a conventional Republican in a conventional year might have fared well against her. Republican consultant believes that if he had managed to avoid all his Trump would be leading in the polls. It is a case of what might have for comments and wounds and random he would be tied or up a point or two in North you look at wage stagnation in those they want but he is not articulating a vision of change. Voters are worried about the future direction of the country but talking about Miss Universe. Who gives a ass about elections 
In our era of rapid technological the connections we have to our urban landscapes are at real risk of being lost. The abundance of information available on a portable screen telling us where to what to do and who to meet mediates our relationship to the distancing us from its physical to some psychological reclaim some of what is being I propose walking in the night. This is not the public declaration of protest as commonly but a gently recalcitrant act against the confines of the daily grind. To venture into the of the night is to in a powerful and visceral a much broader world than that which exists during the years have seen lines drawn across many of our urban previously tangible city limits in stone or set in joined by invisible ones scanned by cameras. The digital of and other surveillance technologies ensures those same landscapes are recorded and classified almost out of at why our right to use public spaces after dark is under threat Read is not just cities that are but us too. Increasing demands on our attention skew and stretch time. Leisure time as indistinct from work time arguably one of finest constructs is being constantly sucked into an work emails penetrating outside office concentration required for our delivery lifestyles encroaching effortlessly into our evening and old crutch of recuperation and social as termed that the nocturnal hours used to provide is now little more than a worn down by instant and incessant epistles and the fear of missing out. Given the subtle changes being made to our as well as the constant demands on our it may be seriously questioned whether most of us have the time or inclination to engage with a sense of place anymore. But out there beyond our an habitat awaits us in the nocturnal city. Twitter restored stream has the inhabitants and visitors back in touch with go out walking into the night allows us to feel and connect with our surroundings in a profound way. As all of the photographs of a city taken from all points of view indefinitely complete one they will never equal in value that dimensional the city along whose streets one This is exactly the point of apparent that we can go and enjoy our urban landscape without recourse to purchase or the digital umbilical cord disconnected at least for a while. This is the city of the imagination laid over the topography of commerce and consumerism. Our bodies become translators between these two decoding and reinventing with each good wander unveils the wonder of a readers on urban walking Read equal importance to the reading of the city is the physiological our internal weather system increasingly attuned and tethered to our immediate surroundings. Out is the endless possibility of night stretching out in every in thoughts and emotions ebb and flow in response to the changing fabric of cities has featured in many fictional but it is an essential part of our lived experience too. Streets can become supernatural and even magical at can appear otherworldly and beyond any pressing social gilded by the glow of than being daunted by the penumbra of the built walking into the night can be a refractory act against the restraints of daily a means of dissipating the heft of familiar roles and responsibilities. Even in those parts of the city with the greatest light the absence of people can be a strange and exhilarating experience. This is when we are most able to engage all our senses with the city. Twitter our eyes are less the city Shams that is not to say you always need to be alone. On a short visit to a couple of years its permanent neon aura with jet led me down to the public park. This is a relatively recent development replacing the highway that once bifurcated the district and covered the original stream that ran well as fostering natural improving cooling of areas and increasing the uptake of public the park has put significant numbers of the inhabitants and visitors back in touch with darkness. And while some areas along the waterway were well considerable stretches were not. young elderly groups and solitary walkers from a broad demographic all wandered enjoying the night air and coursing water as it streamed past. labyrinth for the reliance on visual perception is overrated in the city. Many of us have experienced with other pedestrians who are focused on the device in their hand rather than the world around a situation exacerbated by headphones. This kind of retreat into oneself provides even greater delineation between the city and its lack of attention to the immediate environment is driven by the belief that we are being more productive by inhabiting two worlds at the same time. We are not. Instead we move about in relative neither fully engaged in the here and nor completely devoted to the matters that distracted us in the first place. Our slavishness to anything new is debilitating. Our desire to mediate the world through technology assumes we are able to successfully operate a dual existence in we do well to negotiate our way around each other on the pavement. So what if we leave all these virtual versions and engage with the Another question slides into how to make sense of any city let alone at when our reliance on the visual is at best if not completely Finding way around is essential but our understanding of cities does not always correlate to the descriptions offered by plans and cartography. describes this disorientation between the actual experience of the city and its many More than half a century Lynch undertook pioneering research on how individuals perceive and navigate in order to better understand such phenomena. His seminal The Image of the explained that people understood their built environment via cognitive maps that facilitated their recall of information from the urban landscape. Whether the contemporary city is equally legible is highly questionable. Twitter of cities at night are often dramatic and Courtesy complications arise when we transpose this mapping to the nocturnal which may resist familiarity and congruence. we may experience alarm and discomfort due to our on the visual during the day. Dark space is frequently perceived as the unnerving harbinger of the as Separating fear and darkness is no small especially given the depiction of cities at night whether fictional or is often dramatic and threatening. It is here we enter what defines as prosthetic This is a condition where the accumulation of surveillance technologies in our cities corresponds with heightened anxiety and is it possible to embrace darkness To do rethinking our perception of it as not merely being the absence of light may be important. is something positive about wrote Roger light space is eliminated by the materiality of darkness touches the individual envelops penetrates and even passes through him is undoubtedly a spatial yet it may also be understood as a temporal one. The architect Peter observes that our perception of atmosphere is having evolved through an advanced emotional every situation grants us time to make up our minds on whether or not we like something or we might be better heading off in the opposite emotional sensibility is further sharpened in the nocturnal city when our eyes are less dependable as a means to make sense of what surrounds us. the city itself transforms in simultaneously revealing and obscuring different elements as its architecture morphs and melds. At the entire city can become for new is these otherworldly qualities of the everyday environment cast into shadow that stir what the poet described as whole fauna of human drifting and luxuriating in the dimly lit zones of human as though plaiting thick tresses of City lights can you identify these world cities from Read city is full of opportunities to examine and elucidate. One of the considerable pleasures of is the personal character of to be engaged with at whatever duration and scale suits the individual. It opens up both the city and with another person at night gives the experience a shared and an implicit confessional structure. Walking whilst perhaps unnerving to begin provides the full spectrum of intuition and attention to be navigated. To walk in the city at night is to It is an escape from the interdictions of daily an exaltation of endless discovery and joy in being attuned and attentive to the immediate surroundings. In whichever of these ways appeals to before the sun rises the nocturnal city awaits the 
the old saying has fast pick any This is particularly true for Windows where dozens of companies are competing mainly on are different for Apple. As the only supplier of it can do what it likes. This includes doing things its users such as soldering and memory chips to motherboards and dropping slots and standard 3 ports from its latest Pros. This would be suicidal in the Windows where buyers can switch suppliers in different users want different so the big suppliers Acer etc have different ranges for different market segments. for makes three ranges for consumers three ranges for business users and the range for the market. It therefore caters to buyers and conscious buyers and buyers games Precision fit this kind of scheme. consumer laptops with enough performance for most professional purposes. Not many Windows laptop manufacturers can charge pro prices for consumer though is having a a you will have to compromise. you can find Windows laptops that are comparable to in many but cheaper. Just look for the various consumer ranges such as and has just released new Pro laptops. There are three versions of the Pro with Core processors and of memory at and There are also new Pros with Core processors and of memory for and All prices include VAT but not port or given me a but halving cheapest new Pro prices would suggest a range of to This is in the same ballpark as the survivors from the old ranges Airs at and plus the at which I assume you will also Dell 13 and 15 are the most obvious alternatives to they are at the top of this price range. You can still get an 13 for but that has a Core with only of memory. The latest 9360 version has a Core of memory and a for If you go for a at only saving on a new Dell 15 is better value. You get a Core of graphics with of video and a for It has a Thunderbolt 3 two 3.0 and an card slot. also small and light for a machine with a screen. It measures 357 x 14 x and weighs This compares with 349 x and for the new and Pro which costs range offers similar features to except that all the laptops have touch screens that you can rotate to enable for movie or tablet cheapest model is the HP This has a a Core of memory and a for You can upgrade to an HP with better screen resolution 2560 x 1440 instead of 1920 x 1080 plus a Core and for this is not much cheaper than a Pro the HP is better value. For only you get a x a Core with Iris Graphics of and a in a machine. Even at still cheaper than the new Pro and could also look at the which is a professional laptop that starts at The main attraction is that you can it from a menu with a huge range of options. You could get one with a Core of with a and Windows 10 Home for and that includes three years of service. Upgrading the second battery from to would add another Upgrading the RAM to would add Upgrading the to a Core would add may also appeal because of their though really aimed at and Air users. The with a 3200 x 1800 Core of memory and is good value at World has the similar for and you can find many other models if you shop the cheapest option is the which is a step down from the All the various models have 1920 x screens and of memory. The cheapest on website has a Core and a for while the most expensive has a Core and a for John Lewis has a silver one with a Core for so that might be worth a there are hundreds of cheaper Windows starting at less than It just depends how far you are willing to drop your standards. Chips cost so below a certain price reductions may be coming from compromises on the quality of the and screen. If they you just buy not a mention that to either a laptop or a If you could get more power and better ergonomics by buying a desktop. I covered this last week in Which desktop should I buy for working from If you went for a you would have many of the same options as when configuring a laptop. You would also be able to add your own upgrades immediately or after another five years or you need to replace your laptop in a you could wait to see whether Apple brings out a new version of the Mac Mini next year. The current model was launched in 2010 and been updated for more than two years. not really expandable the memory is soldered in and not very good value to but small and it runs A to could be an option you got another question for Email it to 
When conducted a mass hanging in August of prisoners accused of attacks in its restive western the executions were widely criticized as an egregious human rights violation. But opponents also were appalled at what came next. Videos that showed apparently coerced confessions of the prisoners interwoven with music and clips of unrelated assaults by militants of the State have been shown on state television in the months since the executions. Produced and disseminated by official media the videos contain no apologies for the mass hangings. They apparently are meant to exploit fears among the majority population about the the extremist group ensconced in and that shares antipathy for both and the West. Human rights groups say the hangings in on 2 put 20 to 25 prisoners to one of the largest mass executions ever carried out in that country. In a report about the videos issued titled Boasting of Mass the rights group Amnesty International accused of having used falsehoods and sensationalist screen titles like the and the Depth of to justify the mass hangings to a domestic audience. In some the rights group the confessions covered crimes committed well after the condemned had been incarcerated. parading death row prisoners on national the authorities are blatantly attempting to convince the public of their but they cannot mask the disturbing truth that the executed men were convicted of vague and broadly defined offenses and sentenced to death after grossly unfair said Amnesty research and advocacy director for the Middle East and North Since the 1979 has been among the leaders in administering the death and has applied it for a wide range of crimes beyond homicide. Many of the executed have been convicted of drug offenses or on the more vaguely defined charge of enmity against God. Use of the death penalty in the region is not limited to and for also have been singled out by Amnesty International and other human rights groups. While these groups have long accused the judicial authorities in of using torture and other coercive methods against the use of recorded confessions in sophisticated videos shown on national television is relatively new. seems has joined the propaganda producing slick videos featuring the apparently forced confessions of men they later executed as bizarrely interspersed with scary videos of State attacks they had nothing to do wrote the Middle East director at Human Rights in an emailed reaction to the Amnesty International report. Ms. also said she was troubled by the role of media agencies in producing and distributing these which implicate them in a rather macabre and ugly form of The Amnesty report scrutinized the confessions shown in the in which the condemned men repeatedly described themselves and who deserve their The men confessed to membership in an outlawed extremist group known as and which they said carried out attacks and plotted assassinations. In some of the they compared themselves to the State and said they have committed atrocities worse than IS if we had not been The Amnesty International report uncovered what it described as several inconsistencies in the suggesting the confessions had been scripted. some the men are linked to crimes that occurred months after they had been arrested or the nature of their involvement in the crimes attributed to them change massively from one video to the report said. There was no immediate response to the Amnesty International report from officials. While they have often ignored criticism from Amnesty International and other rights they are not immune to it. A number of countries in the angered over use of the death penalty in have severed contributions to the United Nations agency that helps finance its campaign. Last media reported that Parliament was debating a measure to reduce use of the death penalty. In judges were given the discretion to impose alternative penalties on juveniles convicted of capital offenses. Precisely how judges have used this discretion remains but the change was seen as a response to criticism of for putting some children on death row. government is sensitive to global public said the advocacy director for the Middle East and North at Amnesty office. many officials may attempt to portray themselves as impervious to international it can lead to many
Cox may have been petite she was at least or on a good joked her during a but to all who knew her she was a towering and not just in remembers a younger firing out emails to friends ahead of trekking ordering one person to carry huge blocks of cheddar another to stock up on that and someone else to bring along bags of found guilty of Cox murder Read they would be some of them amateurs in the trail of energetic and her tireless on a sleeper train that would spit them out in remote parts of to tackle yet another memories are of lugging along a rucksack twice the size of which would stretch down below her knees as she marched along and singing folk songs. rucksack to body mass ratio she was unquestionably the most says laughing sadly about what she says are among the most special memories of her life. Twitter sort of person like to spend your life she remembers a simple and touching image of after giving birth to her first that she feels sums her of her friend standing under a rain breastfeeding her at the top of a was not just in but in could have mastered the Inaccessible Pinnacle and then abseiled down while fighting morning sickness from a pregnancy that had just and had a dream to climb all the together. During a painful he reached the top of what would have been her 100th placing her hat at the top and insisting that she would have the the snow and the hatred that led to murder Cox Read of her friends keep returning to the same themes as they talk of of a woman with the perfect mix of idealism and who knew nothing of tribalism but would instead share her conviction that politics could change the world with politicians of any who cared deeply for and to whom family and daughter and were everything. And no friend who shows the slightest hint of surprise about that final act of revealed in of protecting her colleagues with the shout of away you two let him hurt husband said is who was very adds a fellow MP who had known since they worked together as parliamentary researchers in the always putting others before herself. Not a shred of Twitter We will respond to hatred with says a close friend and one of 15 best women at her who has been alongside her family at the tells a similar energy for life was her humanity and genuine desire for good she says. of all she was a mum who deeply loved her children and wanted the world to be a better place for all remembers the last time they when very the kids had been poorly and she wondered if she really was making a difference. I just want to say to at the The world is so much better for having had you in Cox obituary Read running through it was fairness. She talks of and being a rare couple who out their getting married on a remote followed by a camping and then making a barge their they raised their children on a houseboat named after a folk song which was moored in east near Tower Bridge. And every year on the summer solstice they would invite more than 100 friends and dozens of children to their remote cottage by the Welsh border. It had no electricity or water and guests carried drinks and food by foot or describes her friend as a joyful person who was grounded by her deeply and who to She was deeply passionate about driving change from journeys to witness the injustices in to fighting to get more women into positions of to the civilian suffering in or the sorrowful stories of loneliness in that were to become her key campaigns in parliament. Twitter This would have been 100th She would have loved the the snow and the said her about was infused with a touch of where she grew up with a mother who was a school secretary and a father who was a factory worker. There was nothing metropolitan or elite about the upbringing of a woman who would go on to study at and become a passionate campaigner for the before heading to to work with the and then for work as head of policy for the global charity turned heads across the sectors and politics. And a friend who worked with called her an amazing mentor who constantly tried to help support those around later moved to work for White Ribbon focused on maternal and then chaired the which aimed to drive up the number of female After having two she was looking to set up a aimed at helping women to and represent themselves. In her she was emailing friends asking for advice about not just but men and to take she was given the chance to go for a job that had always been the to represent her home constituency of and And she spilled into parliament with an excitement and enthusiasm that inspired all those around from dozens on the benches to many whom she worked with across the like MP who called her a bundle of built friendships as if it were her job. She always wanted us to have a plan to be better better better friends to each says the MP Jess who says she misses her friend every and whom she still imagines running in huge heels down the halls. shared an office with fellow MP a friend from her days in when she worked for his mother. He remembers the laugh and infectious good of a What would think he often imagining her arriving at work after the election of Trump. would be the hell is happening in our What should we be and does it mean about the values we They would have had a field day over the suggestion of ambassador he from and and parliamentary make it clear how much her motherhood was spread through her work. remembers fondly reading to the children in the while talks of school holidays when they would to vote in the chamber. Price remembers a parliamentary party where and the children raced through their faces painted as tigers as they roared at each other. Now will be remembered by the Cox whose sums up what will be of the joys of was that she cared about a huge raft of issues domestic and international. The thing that connects them is start with was her drive to focus on civilian protection in and on loneliness in the as well as her passion about getting more women into public service and anything that could be done to make more family campaigns will draw on comment that diverse communities in had in that that which divides them. most recent tweet reminds people that would not want to rest in but forever be an activist and passionate force for good in the director of policy at Save the Children and a close the midst of our grief we want to be but not She some but was humanity itself funny and strong. She never just said do you always should we On any whether it was getting more women into politics or dealing with appalling attacks on civilians around the ever thought the path was please remember her as a but as somebody always in always creating always pushing us to do and be better. left with our memories and her example as a guide in the years 
For if there was an empty bench on Avenue in was there to take it. With her electric chunky jewelry and Ms. was a familiar sight in the landscape. If there is a tale of two Ms. occupied the realm alongside the waiters and the shopkeepers. At on Avenue near North Ninth a photograph of Ms. in a bright red dress still hangs on the wall. As the neighborhood became more she was featured in short magazines and Some referred to her as the Queen of week she would shout my name from the front door of the store and she would give me a bag full of groceries to give to my who was the manager of a Industries store on said in an email. She now lives in never got to officially say goodbye to Ms. said. truly heartbroken over Up and down Avenue last Ms. death this month was announced on pink fliers taped to lampposts. She died at New University Medical Center in after a short illness. She was 91. recalled the first time Ms. sauntered into her clothing about 10 years ago. There had been a young man eyeballing a silver skull ring he could not afford. bought it for Ms. who now lives in New said in an email. even know each other. That was the type of woman she generous. She was a true wild gem of a was our Iris she referring to the fashion icon. Ms. was born and raised on East 28th Street in Her parents were immigrants. She had lived in her railroad apartment on North 11th Street in for 68 years. Her lives in and her in Neither attended a memorial service for her on night. Their mother had lived to be 102. The organized by Ms. John who lives on Long was held at Funeral Home in The crowd was sparse but a snapshot of both old and new Many loved who had left the city years could not make it. Others were stuck at just down the street. According to friends and relatives at the Ms. had been a remarkable beauty in her youth. She was a singer and a even in old and had modeled before she married. Friends recalled her boasting about her extraordinary figure as a younger and family legend has it that she had caused at least two car accidents in her day. She did not just stop they she crashed Ms. dreamed of moving to friends to make it big as an actress. she married and settled into the apartment on North 11th and had a son. Her whom everyone called died of cancer in the Their died in the Ms. took a job as a school bus matron. In a recording artist who now lives in moved to Late one night he was drinking beer with his friends in an old car he was restoring when Ms. came walking down the blighted street. She leaned up against the fins of the as though sidling up to a and introduced herself. used to have a car just like recalled her saying. For decades she attended parties at his loft on North Ninth Street. When he opened a shop on she was a daily presence too. They continued to have weekly phone conversations until her death. would say the most outrageous things and we would laugh and said through tears before the at a bar near where Ms. had lived. channeled West a bit. She owned her power as a woman. And she loved children and dogs. She also made the best chicken using this tiny electric toaster At the memorial a photographer who moved to from recalled the day in 2011 when she met Ms. She was taking photos on Avenue when a brassy older woman shouted from a What are you taking pictures of that garbage You should be photographing Ms. spent the next two years photographing Ms. mostly in her and said she had been a grandmotherly figure. was amazed at how she opened her arms to Ms. said. was so interesting and powerful. She never wanted to go anywhere else. She used to if home never alone because I have all my neighbors around After Ms. remains are said he planned to discreetly scatter her ashes around had a great he said. was always happy. If she was here and saw these people crying over her smack them on the back of the head and
exists at that rarefied level of fame where you get to move like a without ever actually having to touch anything. When he is out in at least when he is being the who is the who is the rather than the one been married for 25 years and has three kids no obstacles stand in his way. No door is left no person steps out in front of and if you find yourself in his you help but find the gravitational pull of stardom yanking you into your seen and experienced this a couple of times. In when he attended a screening of the documentary about at in a friend and I were walking down the red carpet towards the cinema when there was a stir around we felt it before we noticed the faces lining the barriers turning in one direction. Behind had alighted from a people carrier. We panicked not meant to be Where do we and made ourselves as small and invisible at the edge of the carpet as we could while he ambled past and the energy followed behind. I remember how the doors but pretty sure he have to lift a backstage at the Arena in this past was just finishing his final number an acoustic version of his wonderful 1975 redemption song Thunder Road. We were in the access tunnel at the side of the where a fleet of black luxury cars lined windows engines ticking waiting for him and the band to leave the to be whisked from the stadium before the house lights have flashed while tens of thousands are still finishing their drinks and working out where the nearest exit is. It the same wherever he plays. Twitter Watch a young perform Thunder who enters the room at his luxury hotel door opened by someone and it took three people to wait with me for him to enter has skin the of wealth and clothes so casual they could only be a a slightly and jeans whose left leg is flecked with white as if just been touching up the cornicing in the corridors. You half wonder if someone splattered the paint on for just to keep things looking blue here promoting his . Before been on a book tour of US meeting his opening touchingly with an appearance in his home town of New Jersey to which people from across the east coast. Even that turned into a major the reported that at least eight police officers were on duty around the branch of and with around twice that number of private security estimates he has scrawled his signature on 17,000 copies of the book. Perhaps rather enjoyed the experience. meet the fans only for 10 but you meet them one by he says. they have an the one thing you always wanted to say over the 40 years of the relationship I actually found it quite moving. Always enjoyed that part. I used to love to drift bump into see what their lives were wander into their lives for a few moments then drift back out. It appealed to the transient nature of my personality. I liked the idea of being here and then being this little spirit moving through the couple of days before we he opens the leg of his promo jaunt with an event in front of an invited audience of journalists at the in where he notes that when the fans have met one of the commonest responses has shorter than I the reverence is striking. When questions are opened to the someone identifying himself as from tells is the affection that the people of have for that if you ran for president of in the be When the event winds a throng of men gathers at the front of the stage to get their copies of signed. In the facade is easy to see and what you see is a bundle of fragility and is a pretty decent in a genre the rock autobiography replete with stinkers. hope it would be a pretty decent book given that was reportedly paid to write It deserves to have topped the bestseller lists on both sides of the for its honesty about difficult his troubled relationship with his his struggles with and his unyielding faith in the redemptive power of He writes about the first time depression in the early in a way that resonates he is on a road trip with a stopping at a a despair overcomes I feel an envy of these men and women and their late summer the small pleasures that bind them and this town together. for all I know these folks may hate this dump and each guts and be screwing one husbands and wives like rabbits. Why But right all I can think of is that I want to be amongst of and I I can only depression still haunts fended off by performing in the book he talks of being between 60 and good for a and out again from 63 to and I want to ask what his antidepressant whether in the performed the miracles for him it did for me. But there really seem to be a good way to ask about a pill less than a when we before the US and is getting increasingly confident that Trump win. no less scathing about the Republican candidate for that though. We talk about the contrast between the ideal of masculinity the one you think of when you imagine the who fought in the second world war and the one Trump presents. He laughs at the difference. the facade is easy to see and what you see is a bundle of fragility and he says. the thinnest possible mask of masculinity. And it fool anybody from the Greatest a faint hesitation around his use of those as if acknowledging that not everyone who fought in the including his was necessarily great. such a thin costume that for me it hold for a moment. But there have been quite a few people he has attracted along the so I suppose the bluster works to a certain degree. really quite an embarrassment if from the simply the most rigid and thinnest veil of masculinity over a Twitter Watch campaign for in notes that been asked about Trump a lot as promoted his book. despite a reputation for political evidently a little tired of it. In been relatively quiet this election. Though he appeared at campaign events for both and John he stumped for His most notable piece of activism this year came in when he pulled out of a show in North in protest at the dictating which public toilets people could my an attempt by people who cannot stand the progress our country has made in the human rights of all of our citizens to overturn that he wrote on his website at the politics are and basically When used his voice it has tended to be to support specific causes his tours have supported food banks in cities where he went on Amnesty Human Rights tour in he donated to miners during the 1985 strike. In he has returned repeatedly not just in Born in the to the plight of believes in people being treated the right to a medical decent and open government. He once surprised an interviewer by these are all conservative Economic stability. Health. not remotely the biggest influence on his politics was his the former music writer whom he met when he was studying a gig review pinned up outside a club before his appearance in 1974. the sidled up and asked the young musician what he thought. Thus began a friendship that transformed into a professional and something in speaks of him being to my not so much that Landau told what to more that he guided him to the books and films that might provoke him to think. My mother was The best part of me picked up a lot of those of the binds of is the number of heartland fans the ones who are voting Trump who believe would think like them if as one contributor to the recently he been into liberalism by Landau and others in his inner circle. On the other there are those who think it outrageous that someone whose songs display an extraordinary empathy for ordinary people should dare to have homes in New and and charge per ticket to see him guarantee he demands from promoters for live shows is reputed to be among the largest in I received no reply from Landau last year when I wrote offering a guaranteed and a lift down from in my Ford Focus if fancied playing a solo set at Music politics seems to be about the way you live your life as much as anything. about being decent. About being fair to others. Being a good man. So what does being a good man a big I probably learned the best answers to that from my mother. My mother was basically She insisted on creating a world where she could make her children feel as safe as even though she certainly had her faults in that area. But she was consistent. You could count on her. Day after day after day. And she was very strong. The best part of me picked up a lot of those characteristics and I struggle to live up to them today. So I think put in the service of something good those are the things that matter to Twitter photographed in New 1979. The Estate of mother had to be the rock because his childhood in New Jersey to say the peculiar. He spent a chunk of it in the early living in Freehold with a paternal grandmother who loved him too compensating for the death of her daughter in 1927 was very emotionally incestuous and a lot of parental roles got he told the writer Peter school was his father consumed by an often silent rage against the and against the son who mystified him emotionally at least. paints a picture of a childhood that is where might refuse to go to and his grandmother would back him up. think I was a little unusual in that I went into music to create order out of my he says. younger life felt rather so I was in search of some some a he felt invisible. That stopped when he started playing guitar. I was able to make a very loud and a noise that was not so easy to he says. had my little band and we were playing to a small gym full of dancers and their and they immediately looked at you as a presence in their he was 19 his parents moved to and he was free to pursue to become as he would say on stage years later a a prisoner of started entering though far from with his fourth in 1978. That was when his music ceased to be the epics of his first three and he started writing instead about ordinary people and their struggles. He informed by reading political tracts. just referred to my experiences growing up my my Twitter Watch a trailer for the documentary parents had struggled to make ends his mother working as a legal his father in a succession of jobs. His sister had married in her and she and her travails inspired his masterly song The about a couple trying to face up to the wedge that joblessness drives into relationships. was surrounded by people who were youthful but living very complicated adult he says. were having kids at young ages and trying to build a work life and a home life that was very adult. It was very easy to draw upon. It a stretch or a songs about ordinary lives combined with ecstatic live performances built the bond with his audience that has lasted more than 40 and itself became the subject of an extraordinarily moving film in . I think he takes that relationship for granted. He understands that people want a piece of him for at that event in came to the bar while his entourage sat in the talking to one he perched on the back of a sofa facing the room. A receiving line of people for a photo and autograph and he stayed until everyone had their moment photo was out of I got the autograph for my think they know They have an image of Bob Young laughs when I use the old name of Wacky Thumbs But they can imagine watching sports in a bar with which perhaps accounts for why people get a bit overexcited I do not excuse myself from this at the prospect of meeting him accounts of encounters almost always on what an ordinary guy he is. Even if he is shorter than think they know these as much an an as a he of that notion. bring with you an entire a certain code of I suppose. something you pursue. My heroes were people like Frank Hank Woody Bob These were all people who brought their entire philosophy along with created a world that would engulf you and give you assist you in different ways of different ways of presenting yourself. Those were the artists that always interested me. They always seemed to carry a of what being a musician might could the possibilities of what being a musician could be. That was something I was at least semiconscious of trying to Twitter performing with his in 2005. when did he he had become an idea in the minds of his not sure. If doing it a byproduct of all your actions and all your choices and what should be noted at this point that appears to know exactly what he thinks about every aspect of his life and art and how they interact. I guess inevitable. just written a book about those been in therapy for he and Landau based their entire relationship on talking at exhaustive length about all this stuff. for an a bit odd. The most fascinating moments in interviews usually come when you catch a subject by surprise and you can see them deciding what they think about something. With it feels more like searching through his mental hard drive for the relevant file. My life was changed in an instant by something that people thought was junk pop music not to say his answers are not fascinating or cursory very much are When asked what he means when he says his covenant with his audience depends on he replies without without any errs or in a single perfect that requires not one piece of tidying in the guess we come out and deliver the straight dope to our crowd as best we can. coming on stage with the well the stakes that are involved this evening are quite high. I know exactly in the crowd. But I know that my life was changed in an instant by something that people thought was purely junk pop music records. And you can change life in three minutes with the right song. I still believe that to this day. You can bend the course of their what they think is of how vital and alive they feel. You can very difficult experiences. Songs are pretty good at that. So all these are the stakes that are laid out on the table when you come out at night. And I still take those stakes seriously after all that if not more so as the light grows slightly dimmer. I come out believing no tomorrow there last just tonight. And I have built up the skills to be able to under the right a certain transcendent hopefully an evening remember when you go home. Not that just remember it was a good but remember the possibilities the evening laid out in front of as far as where you could take your or how thinking about your or your wife or your or your best or your your what you want to do with your life. These are all I that music can accommodate and can provide service in. what we try to email that paragraph to a obsessive who about both and burgers. She writes sounds and I try to explain to but going to shows has shaped a lot of changes in my life. I went to South for a week on my own for four felt like I could achieve anything. So I left my job and tried to get into something wanted to do since I was 10. And why I feel like I have to go to see next because I need to find that direction again. a funny way to live your seeking these living the but ultimately I think better off for it. I really know what do without his music in my Twitter Watch the video for Tougher Than the ask if he ever looks at and bet he does. I really bet he is he unaware of the section of his hardcore who complain that his sets are too predictable because he only changes half of a set from night to instead of the whole seen he says. have to indulge your hardcore fans. really all more tolerant than be. tell them where to get off. No one else changes their sets like They should be reply. He just laughs long and his head his eyes 5 this as the sun set over and the E Street Band struck up the sombre opening chords of Tougher Than the the 1987 single about the difficulties of adult love that marked his return after had made him the biggest rock star. Stepping up to the front of the stage to duet with him was a member of the E Street Band since and his second wife his first to ended quickly admits he was wholly unready for Three days after performing what might as well be their theme and marked their 25th wedding presence changed not just life but his too. The E Street Band stopped being an a forcing a change in their and attitudes. think women are in general a good influence on growing on growing into your he then when they had children two and born in 1990 and and a in 1991 his life was altered even more profoundly. I was going to chop my life into he would be before the children and after the certainly. Just changed my entire Changed the way I looked at myself. Changed the way I looked at my job. Gave me an entirely separate identity away from my which I found to be very Twitter performing in the year Born in the took him to new commercial heights. Images he had had assumed that whatever he was working on was what everyone around him should be concentrating on. He recalls his bafflement when Landau had his first and would suddenly start leaving recording sessions at to go and bathe his baby daughter. remember he adopts a puzzled gotta go home and bathe your doing C or which I happen to think is the most important thing in the world right now. But of course children made that his work his it was a substitute for life. that previously expanded my work life so that have something to do during the and into the evening. Without what am I gonna Go sit in a chair and watch So expanded the time it took me to do my job. Once the kids came I I could squeeze my previous 18 hours of work day into six or without any problems whatsoever. I the song is always going to be there always going to be a song in your heart or in your head but there and then gone. And when . Once I I found a tremendous freedom from the tyranny of my own I still have pride in what I do. I still believe in its power. I believe in my ability to transfer its power to say that has slowed especially now the kids are gone. This tour of and US stadiums saw him playing some of his longest ever breaking the barrier with no unlike his marathons on occasion. says he has no problems finding the energy to play but not so easy for some of his Before his mentions that Max the spends all his time between shows sequestered in his hotel the windows blacked the gaps between door and frame filled to block out all simply recuperating from the previous the price the band must pay in order to deliver what come out on stage to deliver to you the greatest band in the he says. still have great pride in what I do. I still believe in its power. I believe in my ability to transfer its power to you. never changed. One of the things our band was very good at communicating was that sense of which I think makes us somewhat unique. Rock bands try to project a lot of different cool. Not a lot of rock bands concentrate on and I got that from my relatives on the side they lived it and they passed it down to ambition that drove him to chase perfection 40 years ago when he would spend hours shouting at in the insisting he somehow find a way to play his snare without the sound of stick hitting the skin being audible is still ask for all his testimonies to the simple power of playing and how he says happy pitching up for an impromptu set at a local bar with a whether he would have been content if ended up precisely as popular as his friends and contemporaries Johnny and rockers who never transcended the clubs. would probably be an disgruntled he then chuckles at the very notion that he might not have conquered the world. was shooting for the whole show. But I certainly would have made my peace with it. Any time you make your living as a way ahead of the game. ahead of the game. I always making a living scratching on a piece of wood. I complain too when he was promoting the there was a story used to tell interviewers. While he was recording the album in New he was staying in a outpost of Holiday in one of less salubrious districts. In his room was a which hung crooked. Every morning he would dutifully straighten the mirror. And when he returned to his the mirror would be askew again. And once correct it. And again it would slip off I a perfect metaphor for a man even when the reasons for his his might seem unclear to those around him. He smiles. rather quotes back at of the crooked timber of no straight thing was ever then the door and he glides no obstacles in his the songs that define Out Van epic still a highlight of live sprawls and swerves and irresistibly. It also has the couplet that most encapsulates the joy it must have been to be young and on the cusp of him this is his last chance to get his daughter in a fine romance Cos the record they just gave me a big to took until his third album for to write the song that defined and of which he has still not tired. songs collect the cumulative he says. grow with you. Play Born to Run and it just allows more people in. see a kid singing every and see a grandma A good song keeps its arms open and welcomes those who come to it over the on the Edge of album Darkness on the Edge of Town saw ditching and writing about adult dilemmas. was very concerned about writing music that I felt an adult voice could he says. felt that was a trap some bands fell into. I never wanted to have to come out on stage and pretend. Of all I suppose. But I wanted to feel comfortable in my own growing have to come face to face with a lot of your weaknesses and the things you do so that able to assess the landscape and find out what are the righteous paths you can travel and what are the roads that are just going to lead you to a dead end. The of is the song I wrote about that specific in the acoustic version recorded at the time of the album allows none of the ambiguity of the version released two years later. Spare and a howl from the and utterly unsuited to being by it would remain unreleased until the 1998 Tracks box first marriage failed but led to the introspective album Tunnel of Love. This single seemed to be an autobiographical take on his with a devastating have mercy on the man Who doubts what sure Ghost of Tom lives of the dispossessed were the theme of the largely acoustic album The Ghost of Tom The title track seems to echo Born to Run when it claims highway is alive But this time kidding nobody about where it Desolate and Walk turns out to be a ghost town as the Bush years come to a close diner was shuttered and with a sign that just said To get back to the of the national dream will take a long walk so long we wait up for and 
The defamation trial against Rolling Stone drew to a close on as attorneys clashed over whether the author of the discredited story of a gang rape was an reporter or a they attorneys for the plaintiff excoriated Rolling Stone for willfully ignoring any facts that might have contradicted its preconceived notions of the they decided what the article was going to be it matter what the facts said Tom an attorney for a former University of dean who is suing the magazine for nearly for Rolling Stone countered that the author of the and her editors had no reason to doubt the accuser at the center of the story before who encountered this young woman believed an attorney for Rolling said. we are the in a being tried for having believed rape story trial highlights struggle to report on sexual assault in Trump era Read closing arguments bring to an end two weeks of testimony and the first of several lawsuits the magazine faces over its discredited 2014 story A Rape on feature told the story of a University of identified only as who claimed that seven members of Phi Kappa Psi her in a gruesome fraternity initiation. For several the campus reeled from the revelations until the story quickly fell apart under scrutiny from other news outlets. A police concluded soon after the article was found no evidence to substantiate but stopped short of declaring that she had fabricated her trial center on questions of whether claims were but on the nature of Rolling attempts to verify her story and the callous picture it painted of University of administrator then the associate dean of the trial probed some of the key elements of story. was never called to testify. attorneys for played clips for the jury from her video deposition. never felt like she suppressed my sexual said in her deposition. personally thought that she did everything legal attorneys for maintain that she is a survivor of sexual assault. The court treated her as such and prevented either side from revealing her name. who does not believe she was in the manner she believes underwent something story portrayed as taking no action after disclosed that she says she was the are only three statements about in the article in including one in which she is quoted through as saying that the university publish all of its statistics about sexual assault because wants to send their daughter to the rape also claims that defamed her in statements she made on a radio program and after the article was judge has dismissed claim that the when taken as a implied that was a to a claim that Rolling Stone called a of her still works at the university in another and is paid a higher salary than she was as a dean. But the took a heavy toll on her reputation and her psyche. A deluge of emails she received after the article ran called among other a rape and worthless piece of The abuse was the consequence of Rolling efforts to paint her as its argues. As a key piece of her attorneys highlighted a meeting arranged between and the police a meeting that knew about. made a reference to the meeting in an early draft of her but it was later cut. Twitter University of administrator leaves federal court with her Tom its attorneys for the magazine attempted to reinforce the central argument of its retracted that the and did next to nothing after learning of for did not appear to concern purported gang rape but another incident that was testified. In that claims that a member of Phi Kappa Psi threw a bottle at her and struck her in the face. article was not about how the university handles bottle said. was about how it handles sexual attorneys also attempted to show that did not take claims seriously as a crime until news reached her that was preparing a story. As the legal team held up a pair of text messages sent to advocates before the article published. a last night seems the fraternity is planning to throw me under the bus. read one message. In a subsequent should have conducted an investigation due to the public safety risk despite the wishes of the bid to prove the magazine defamed her is a challenging one. In a judge ruled that was a public meaning she must prove that Rolling reporting was not only false but also malicious. As a attorneys for strove to prove that arrived to the story with a preconceived narrative. They over her failure to contact friends of who contradicted story when contacted by the Post. They grilled for writing in her notes that she was investigating and for comparing her potential in the early stages of to her investigation of the Catholic church for mishandling claims of sexual assailed for being to the that might have caused her to rethink the for Rolling defense admitted that the magazine erred when it failed to confirm the existence of alleged rapists. But they walked the throughout the between contrition and defensiveness. In a video deposition played for the for S the founder and apologized to very he said. suffered as much as you But he was defiant over the 2015 decision to withdraw the article from Rolling saying that professionally and on behalf of the he stood by the parts of the article that related to do not retract the whole he words fueled a skirmish over when Rolling Stone officially retracted the article. The timing could make a difference in the damages awarded to if the jury finds in her favor. Attorneys for Rolling Stone have asserted that a 2014 note disavowing allegations counts as its official retraction. legal team have argued that the article retracted until when Rolling Stone made the article unavailable on its website. In its the magazine released an excoriating review of the article completed by experts at the University School of Journalism. lawsuit is one of several lobbed at Rolling Stone after the retraction. One brought by three fraternity was dismissed earlier this year on the basis that none of the men are named in the lawsuit. The chapter of Phi Kappa Psi has filed a lawsuit that is set for trial in Stone has agreed to pay for legal defense and any fines she must press and 
was the mysterious puppet master who wrote rock lyrics and loved yet was simultaneously the chief architect of system of after some time on the is well and truly back in the thick of intrigue after a cache of emails purporting to show his office coordinating affairs in separatist east was leaked and thus banned from travel to the for his role in the the nevertheless popped up at recent negotiations in over sitting at the round table next to and just one seat across from It was a very visible signal of importance to the controversial sources have told the Guardian that has on occasion made secret trips to technically still part of to bring local separatist politicians into line and tell them what is expected of them if they are to continue to receive funding and support. More emissaries from east come to to meet with On a giant cache of emails purporting to be from some of which allude to his role in managing relations with the separatist entities in east was leaked by a outfit calling themselves the The has suggested the leak is a though at least part of it appears to be real. It is possible that going after is the first salvo in what the promised would be covert action against in the wake of alleged hacking of the Democratic computer networks. Twitter and dismissed the email account as a saying never used email. The hacked do not purport to be from personal but from an account run by an aide. It received messages for which were presumably then passed on. While there is no guarantee some of the mails have not been doctored in some way before much of it appears to be genuine. The hackers released photographs of the passports of and his apparently as further proof the hack was senior researcher at the Institute of International Relations in not but unlikely that hackers would be able to break into government email account and download a huge collection of files from 2014. Given that the have been hinting at a I cannot help but wonder if this was a US government shot across a warning that it also has the capability to intrude and embarrass and a willingness to use it if said it was possible proxies had been used to cover the tracks. This could explain why the 2014 emails were released alongside what looked like a crude supposedly a current plan to is a unique character in Unlike many of the yes men and former security officials who surround the he first came to prominence as a marketing man for the oligarch who would later be jailed for a decade. In he moved to the He almost never gives and has been shrouded in mystery over the first was known for coordinating the of cultivating fake opposition parties and funding youth groups. He personally curated what was allowed on to television and was seen as the architect of where facts are a version of which some have suggested has now taken hold in the a photographer released an extraordinary photo essay from revealing that he had portraits among and He also had a bank of white telephones with dozens of buttons bearing the surnames of the most powerful people in usually wears a knowing smile and there is just a hint of Bean about his appearance. While he wears sharp suits in the he will occasionally appear on his feed wearing edgy outfits that say more than likes writing and he thinks in a way. He has a rounded personality that despite his abstract modes of thinking is very capable of tackling serious state said one source who has worked closely with is widely believed to be the real author behind the pen name who has written a postmodern novel and a number of short stories. In March a short story attributed to called Without Sky was set in an imaginary future where the planet was engulfed in war the first One passage commanders of the past strove for they were not so stupid. Of some of them acted like before and tried to retrieve the old like will be Sometimes it worked. But they understood war as a part of a its most acute but maybe not its most important than a week after the story was the annexation of was completed. initial fall from grace came back in when the elite was split between those who wanted to see the relatively liberal stay in the for a second and those who wanted to return. In an uncharacteristic backed the wrong and let it be known in elite circles that he was firmly in the camp that wanted to see given the chance for another term. When came was edged and after a period as deputy prime seemed to be a spent force. He later but was put in charge of relations with and South two protectorates essentially annexed from It was hardly a and was a spectacular step down from directing the entire domestic political scene. But as was drawn into a clandestine war in east has gradually risen to a position of prominence both his experience in managing relations with the protectorates and his talent for intrigue and subterfuge made him the perfect person to run the relations with the that sprang up in east and were essentially coordinated from has not yet commented on this hack. When he was put on the US sanctions list for his role in the events back in he likened it to an for best supporting and said it made him happy. only things that interest me in the US are and I need a visa to access their work. I lose he said. He was also placed on the sanctions although Time magazine reported he was spotted at an Orthodox monastery in earlier this and he then popped up very publicly alongside in am too odious a person for this brave new said with characteristic irony and back in 2011 when he was removed from his post in the presidential administration. it seems he fits right in 
Given the generally pessimistic vibe that has accompanied England at the start of this this was as good a day as they could have hoped for. They recovered from a slightly tentative early session to gain the upper thanks to a beautiful exhibition of Test match batting from Root and whose partnership was ended only in slightly unusual circumstances. no point arguing with it leave it at says the former of his dismissal in his interview just now. quicks looked sharper than their and with on 99 and Stokes settling England are well placed to put this match beyond the home a day like this probably deserves to end on an email such as from Robin on old pouch disguised as a colostomy trick never If you hold any thought hold that one. Thanks for your emails and company. Bye. 93rd England 311-4 Stokes mistimes a big hit off a full toss from but gets away with it and gets one run rather than the four he sought for his century. end the day on as Stokes plays out the over. thanks to Root and finishes the day on 99 not out. 92nd England 310-4 Stokes is watchful to slightly troubled by one that spins in at him a and then takes a single off the last ball of the which is completed quickly enough for us to have one more over. 91st England 309-4 Stokes A late bowling for pushes him expertly down the ground for a single as he seeks to reach his century before the close. Stokes is now in the and a short ball that sits up and begs to be pulled to the square leg boundary for four pulled to the boundary for four. responds by tossing up a that goes straight through the batsman flummoxed. Good comeback. 90th England 304-4 Stokes Who says Stokes is holding out for the Apart from clowns such as me that is. He advances down the track as if been in all day and belts over for SIX. foxes him though and hits him on the sparking an which is turned summer I took my cricket girlfriend to the third day of the test at Old writes Tom showing a keeper. cool box packed with ready mixed gin and tonic covered over with a large bag of ice with a decoy picnic lunch cannot be beaten and certainly fooled the Old security. Suffice to say several gins and an england lower order onslaught later she was won over... sort 89th England 298-4 Stokes raps Stokes on the pad with one that keeps low not been many of those today but not hitting. His single is the only run from the the maybe adopt the pub standard of no discussion about religion or wonders way we can get back to discussing old television and instances where you had to tell a barber they do a very good job. Or allowed to tell barbers they do a very good got far too much reserve for that. 88th England 297-4 Stokes Spin returns to the which England might be grateful for another of unlikely flicks away on the for a and Stokes adds two more when a slightly awkward defensive shot is edged to third man. be grateful for the close one which is just under a quarter of an hour talisman hopes to be fit for the second Test. the Jimmy hopes to be fit for second Test against Read more 87th England 293-4 Stokes An ugly frustrated shot from as he flays and misses outside at but this boy can and he plays pretty much the same shot next ball and connects sweetly. It flies over for four. A single completes the I writes John of the strict rule. recall many intense discussions of food and for and not just about which ones you can smuggle into a ground. Then the interminable bands information ... I could go but why One consolation is that cricket is one thing is unlikely to as he barely understands even discussion about smuggling booze into cricket grounds is one I could really tuck into right now. 86th England 288-4 Stokes with the reversing old and he induces a rare unconvincing attempt from who fails to connect as it goes through low to the keeper. The bowler receives more attention from the but gamely carries on. bowling if obviously not at the pace of earlier. moves into the by carving to for a single. 85th England 287-4 Stokes and continues to bowl varying his lengths to good effect at taking his time to but grateful for a looser shorter one that he pulls backward of square on the for a gifted like to take this opportunity to agree with writes Ant been reading the now for over a and this is the first time seen one digress even marginally from strictly covering the and only the with no reference to the outside world. Buck your ideas have a 84th England 283-4 Stokes Brave continues. He may be almost hobbling but finding some reverse swing at the and unconvincingly square on the for a single. having failed to score a single run against two years gets off the mark with a you please tell if he thinks the election is a reflection of I think he seriously needs to expand his definition of writes continuing a conversation that may well get out of hand. please tell him to get a sense of and sense of proportionately of course are going to have other things on their minds got last Trophy results to really. boycotting it. 83rd England 281-4 Stokes With the strange dismissal of Root and the injury angst of the rhythm of the match has been disrupted a little which offers its own challenge to who had been progressing so serenely until a few minutes ago. They look a bit more tested with jagging an excellent ball past with one that reverses away from the a and following it up with a similar delivery shorter and more brutish. The bowler fancies appealing for a catch but no one else does. Though will be Ebbs channels his inner and bursts into adapted world was on fire and no one could save me but strange what desire will make foolish people never dreamed that meet somebody like I never dreamed that lose somebody like 82nd England 281-4 Stokes is back in the has a big shout after angling one in to pads but going down starts clutching his leg again. The comes on once but stays on to complete the over. plans to take the new ball somewhat scuppered one suspects. further replays of dismissal fail entirely to convince that had that ball under control. stuff from Root and Mo but can we lose the endless references writes is a cricket match. Get over it called Democracy since you 81st England 281-4 Pace returns in the form of with the old ball from Three easy singles are taken out of Root is out. And an odd dismissal Root drives straight at who scoops up the then appears to spill it in executing his celebratory given out but reviewed. The bowler certainly got two hands round but then appeared to lose control in the art of but the decision is upheld and Root is Haycock had explained the lack of emails think in shock because England are approaching 300 with only 3 wickets lost rather than the end of the thereby wins our Jinx Day competition. IS this a caught and Root drives straight at who scoops up the then appears to spill it in executing his celebratory given but is reviewed. The bowler certainly got two hands round but then appeared to lose control in the art of celebrating. But the verdict that he had it under control is backed up by the third and shaking his head. What a strange way to end a wonderful innings 80th England 278-3 drops licks his lips and square cuts beautifully to the boundary for four. Watching this man bat can be a thing of delightful purity in a wicked world. One more completes surely the final over with the old ball. No one has emailed for a while. Has the rest of the world ended 79th England 273-3 have been since almost reminiscent of how they were when last these teams met in a at the Oval in 2014 Test about which I am particularly bitter since I had tickets for the superfluous fourth day and Root and continue to keep the scoreboard ticking under no real pressure. They pluck three more singles off the shelf and add them to their trolley. 78th England 270-3 has a muted appeal as edges and sweeps a accurate delivery that briefly looked as if it might have hit him pad first. They run three before a but better executed shot brings four more 77th England 263-3 a sense are pining for the second new which is only three overs away as clips away square on the for a single. Two more for Root follow. 76th England 260-3 takes a risk against hitting against the spin over but he strikes it finds the gaps and is rewarded with four. Having pushed the field he then takes a languid easy single with a drive to goes round the wicket at who responds with intelligence and past slip for four. The partnership is now past 150 and really has showcased Test match batting at its most Cricket Prof. key winning the key career record against 2016 75th England 250-3 has a and deep midwicket posted and duly plays a better over cautiously. He was itching to come down the track but the kept him honest with some more testing lengths. 74th England 250-3 Root nudges away for a timing and footwork to the fore as per. is really enjoying himself hammering over for taking advantage of the trajectory from around the and then adds one more single. 73rd England 244-3 are better than asks Smith. very puzzling on a puzzling In the spirit of the going to wildly and go all and say they are. Two singles and a deft flick from towards the fine leg boundary for two are taken from fairly innocuous not be my actual but that matter anymore. 72nd England 240-3 A big as advances and is struck on the and after a bit of does this thing work consultation with his captain and opts not to review. confirms an One from the over. 71st England 239-3 replaces and is absolutely straight over his and the for SIX by Root. how to unsettle a new bowler. A single and a follow. This is the most sustained display of good batting from an England pairing since in the summer. 70th England 231-3 Fun everyone in lineup has a hundred to their though is the only player on side not to have managed one. The game done changed. Root flicks away for a single the only run of the over but any discomfort England may have felt against these two before tea seems to have long gone. Seems to 9th of a day that history will remember for one incredible event. Root's ton. 2016 69th England 230-3 clips towards the deep midwicket boundary for three. Root adds a single before flays a wide one high over for a shot that has the appearance of a slog but is all about exquisite timing. Superb is the best so he should be in charge instead of Cook being in the just before this walk to school in the writes And the wisdom of is often hard to counter. 68th England 222-3 is back on the he trots out a touch gingerly but this will lift the weary hosts. flicks away for a single to bring to the strike who advances confidently to drive down the ground for one. a as is slightly flummoxed by the spin and turns it through legs at at a height. They take one and Root then brings up his hundred with a two. been quiet this past few by his but his class is permanent. Terrific Though I don't know most of this England team seem decent blokes. I guess that's an old fashioned virtue 2016 67th England 217-3 Root plays square on the offside off to add one more and dabs another behind square on the offside. watching these two batting when impossible to believe anything wrong with the world. 66th England 215-3 completes a highly accomplished with an effortless drive for two. looked in good nick throughout the autumn and thoroughly deserves this. Has he finally found his optimum position in the 65th England 213-3 as well he might as he carried a threat just before and he keeps Root pinned on the back foot with a decent length and a bit of again. This little battle could be pivotal. Root pushes a single on the offside before drives expansively towards deep backward point for one more. Root then moves to 96 by clipping a testing delivery square on the for two. out on the field again Update from the England are 48-0 after seven chasing a modest 169 to win. Tea interval reading interlude. Any article whose opening sentence include the words at the altar of is unlikely to and the lad certainly recalling the tour in that was fallouts and faulty nightmarish 1993 tour of Rob Read more Tea interval musical 64th England 209-3 Root clips to midwicket for a but the bowler is asking questions troubling a touch with a sharp but England survive to tea. A fine session for and be particularly pleased not to have lost a wicket in its rather more taxing final two overs. 63rd England 208-3 Root is lucky here. clips to for a before a spears one in at Root and it hits him on the pad. Not out says the and confirms it just. It was clipping leg stump rather than hitting it has had Root in rare discomfort at the moment and deserved a from that over. 62nd England 206-3 replaces and a completely undaunted greets him by advancing down the track and clubbing over for four to bring up the hundred partnership. played at least as well as Root in this and adds another single to move to within a boundary of his goes around the wicket at who pushes to for another one. Seven off the over all an impressively assertive response by England to the reintroduction of the most spinner. 61st England 199-3 has a furtive glance at the reads the criticism of the lack of bowler and brings some pace back into in the form of But one ball he pulls up on his follow and clutches his hamstring ominously. The is called and helped from the field after lengthy consultations. It really afternoon so far. is called on to complete the over. just a bit of reverse and movement for the and Root plays out five dot the last of which prompting a but unrealistic shout. 60th England 199-3 has been somewhat less than proactive in his and continues. Root moves into the nineties with a square drive for one. pushes one through a bit quicker to who reads it well and pushes it away on the offside for one. Another single takes this pair closer to the century like the Rage of the howls Lee continuing our earlier to soothe the pain with 59th England 196-3 Root shows the name in pushing towards deep extra cover for and this time the field comes in for It works a little cramping him up a touch before he but safely for four. The speed at which the scoreboard has ticked over will be among the many things to have pleased England in this session. 58th England 191-3 Root clips through midwicket for two and then punishes another full toss with a thumping sweep to the boundary for four. Three more singles complete a satisfying over for England. Root and might be the most and unruffled people in the world right now 57th England 182-3 continues over the wicket at Three defensive dots precede a slightly risky and ramp shot attempt by that runs down to the fine leg boundary before being cut off. They run two. A better over giving something to think about. 56th England 180-3 spinners doing a passable impression of during the failing to exert pressure and and getting their lengths wrong. The ones and twos continue. And as soon as I type fizzes a quicker one past outside edge turn and the perfect line and length. Which leads me onto Lee first rule of the jinx as provided by your colleague Lord of is to heap praise on the opposition whilst maintaining a magnificent impartiality of your own so if either of Root or are out in the next 5 overs you are to blame for that. And Sounds like the rage of the dispossessed to Lee. Always looking for a scapegoat. 55th England 176-3 Looks like trying to tempt with fielders on the boundary but Mo goes for clipping through midwicket for one. Root bunts another delivery down the ground for one as the team discuss his propensity to get out roundabout now in a lot of innings. But he gets this far more often than most. 54th England 174-3 Root works effortlessly through the for two and then tickles a sweep shot down towards the ropes at fine leg for three. drives for one and Root turns another ball too short away on the for a single. spinners causing England any problems at the not a sentence I thought be typing this morning. Among many sentences I think be typing this only deduction is that when world is literally crashing and burning around Root will still be quietly edging towards a 2016 53rd England 166-3 takes a single off the first ball of and Root scampers through for another with an admirably supple nudge off the back foot. Should I tempt fate by saying that these two really look like England players normally do when facing spin on the no I 52nd England 164-3 Root picks up punishing another from with a firm square sweep to the boundary. if I just watch the cricket and think about anything just maybe everything might be sort of weeps Haycock. Interesting you say that much though I see eye to eye with John Major on the fact that he responded to his 1997 electoral shellacking by toddling off to the Oval for some cricket escapism was something I could relate to. no escapism like cricket escapism. 51st England 160-3 A spin combo now as continues. looks confident enough to sweep firmly into shins at short leg before he and Root pick up an easy single you see a part time spinner to batsman transformation for wonders looks as good a batsman as any I have seen since the days of the four of and Given the range of batting positions from which he has been asked to operate in the past year or tempted to concur. 50th England 158-3 everyone. and dark outside. But sunny in and these two are ambling on agreeably. returns to the and Root greets him with an unconvincing mistimed sweep which runs down towards the fine leg boundary and they take as England get through the first over after a drinks break without losing a wicket. So something. 49th England 156-3 Root took a single in this over I lie to I was fixing the scores in the previous entry. On that underwhelming drinks and hand you over to the one and only Tom 48th England 155-3 knocks it out to midwicket for a couple. Both bowled pretty well in their opening spells but since lunch has looked by far the more threatening. Root flicks off the pads through for one and I imagine have one more over of my spell before I hand over to Tom as they call it in cricket drinks. 47th England 152-3 replaces and England duly bring up the 50 stand for the fourth wicket with a couple of singles. think cocktails are going to do it today. the asks Bye. 46th England 150-3 Oh my gives him a half volley and the cover drive is sexy enough to momentarily forget everything else. It also nearly causes me embarrassment as Tom arrives during my moment of delirium. a curious over in the twice Root is in the first time when the ball comes off the toe end of the bat and bounces back over his the second when he falls over a bit. Sandwiched right between those two incidents are two runs that bring up the 150 for all the Trump shenanigans I am grateful to live in My evening is about to start. A glass of red watching Root and the excellent Gentleman and by legend Rob from Guardian Books ... presumably. I know where that is on the website if honest with you. 45th England 143-3 good news and bad news. The bad news is that Trump is about to be elected president of the United States and some people will lose everything they hold dear. Those who should relocate to I gutting. On a more positive the good news has comfortably survived a so... every cloud. still thinking about the bad news 44th England 140-3 Better from who gave far too much width in the previous over and got duly punished for it. This time much tighter to the stumps and leaks just two fight back here Great to have cricket on a morning like this. It's all we've I think. off to the 2016 43rd England 138-3 And that is fifty for Root brought as many of his runs today have with a push into the gap for a single. How fitting. Facetiousness been a very very good with the boundary balls being sent through the door marked Do One and away for with singles milked in the interim. 42nd England 137-3 Change of seamer with replacing The latter is unlucky not to have a wicket or two for his 28 runs conceded. Speaking of number of runs increases by four when pushes the bat out with soft hands and sends it flying behind point for four. You never like to see the bat hanging out but in the end that was well played. He plays the same shot but with extreme prejudice a few balls later and this time the ball positively scorches away to the rope.
If you spend your days amid ancient clay tablets with one of the earliest forms of written the thought might occur to it be fun to bake your own tablets out of gingerbread for the office holiday It did to who is in charge of the Near Eastern collections at the University of Museum of and Anthropology. The museum has one of the largest collections of cuneiform tablets from early many of them written by ancient scribes who used a reed stylus to etch into clay. Ms. whose passions are and used a fish knife and a gingerbread recipe that came packaged with a she once bought. Not only did her cuneiform cookies beguile her colleagues at the office they also gained some measure of renown after a Museum publicist posted an article about how she made them. comment from the will probably taste more like the Dead Sea From cuneiform cookies started to become as the newspaper The Forward put it were including one who said she was taking a class in and opted to practice on shortbread. writing took a long she The trend also exposed an odd subculture of people who are consumed with ancient like the guy who uses the Twitter handle and runs a business that will translate your tweets and texts into cuneiform characters and etch them in a tablet. you cannot make this stuff really struck the world in just the right nerdy said Ms. noting that a number of including home schooling classroom teachers and scholars of ancient had taken the idea and run with it. have made some amazing much more complete and creative than Ms. said. people made full sentences. Mine just and which is pronounced and means was devised by the more than 5,000 years ago and survived until about 79 or 80 It emerged at roughly the same time as early and served as the written form of ancient tongues like and which thrived in what is now southern Because cuneiform was written in clay on and important texts were baked for a good amount of it survives today. Schoolchildren who visit the Museum get to try their hand. deepest part of every symbol is the upper because where you start with your and then you just swirl it Ms. said. Ancient schoolchildren did the same and some of their efforts are on view at the written on practice tablets. like a where you can see someone practice the first wedge over and over and over like I practiced an in Ms. said. In a she would be a bucket in the middle of the where students would toss their practice tablets for recycling. Those reusable she were the original Etch A Ms. title at the museum is which involves caring for the artifacts in the Near Eastern collections and helping visiting researchers and scholars find the right items to advance their work. a combination of putting small things in boxes and knowing where jars of dirt came as she put it once in an interview. The cuneiform tablets are in the which is not in her but they inspired her nonetheless. It was a holiday party several years ago that prompted Ms. to contemplate the similarities between clay tablets and cookie dough. She has been making cuneiform cookies annually ever usually for the same holiday party. I tried to make a brownie modeled on an ancient it did not go over as she said. Although Ms. surmises that shortbread might also be a good medium for it was the gingerbread that went inspiring copycats Inspired by Ms. cuneiform a student in the Bible and Near East program at University who has been studying for went all For a New she baked four tablets of each on a and copied part of the a creation onto them. A stunning description of this feat has drawn thousands of on her Ms. said a friend emailed her a link to the article about Ms. cookies. first thought upon seeing her my this is completely brilliant and completely my Ms. said in an email interview. a semiprofessional baker in my spare and read everything out there about ancient she said. even baked historically accurate for my classmates At the she was studying the for an so the tablets she baked each of which took her about half an hour to inscribe counted as homework. At the wanted to be the first person to break the Ms. said. I had to break them up myself to get people Now that she is teaching Ms. has assigned one of the two texts written in the Epic of other is the Code of was a mighty king from the city of the name of which is thought to have morphed into And Ms. has translated part of the epic into snacks. like baking for my mostly to bribe them in to office Ms. said. cuneiform cookies seemed like a great way to feed them while also giving a tangible link to the subject of
The thought of going to court makes feel sick. In her she has been building up to it for years. When she was a she was sexually and after three decades and a breakdown she finally went to the police last year. hid it from everyone until she says when we first a day before she goes to regret her decision but it has taken its toll. Flashbacks and nightmares from the abuse are vivid and the thought of going through it all in court is takes everything I have just to get through the she says. another of sorts at the hands of the Department for Work and Pensions that has led to not only struggling with her mental health but to keep a roof over her this government want to punish us for being Read the horror of childhood abuse has left a physical as well as psychological mark. never been able to she says. Her adolescence and were filled with ill health throat bone and mood swings treated with antidepressants. And in after years of tests and trials one she had to go on low doses of she was diagnosed with the rare bone disorder Sometimes the pain is so bad that she cries all night. a knife being stuck in my bone and being is how she describes almost 20 years worked as a nanny. At leave a job and then take another with memories of the she gets anxious around men but by with the breakdown hitting on top of her physical she finally had to give up work completely and go on the employment and support allowance. She was judged to be so ill that the put her in what it calls the support people found to have no chance of being well enough to was tight without a but another bit of social personal independence payments helped get by with an extra a was until March this year when just 18 months after being awarded PIP was told that she had to be tested again. If it so it would sound almost an assessor turned up at filed a and by the end of spring had lost her benefit. rules meant that not only was her PIP stopped but her severe disability component of over a week gone in appeal against the had to attend a tribunal in August. It would be intimidating for anyone to sit in a court in front of strangers on a panel but for it was devastating it was the same court that was dealing with the abuse case. When she found been sent back there for her benefit tells me she lost By the time she was at the she was shaking and crying uncontrollably. was as if I was on she add to her the medic on the panel was a and when he asked questions she get words out to answer. even look at the she says. could I give an she had flashback after flashback of the abuse. By the next told the police she was pulling out of the sexual abuse case. do Before deciding to continue with the she was in such distress she was close to being sectioned. packed she says. know where to. I just disabled people as Read to ordeal and hard not to feel not only about what been through but how entirely pointless it was. Put aside the fact that she had been judged as needing the benefit only 18 months had told the and tribunal assessment team she was about to go to trial as a vulnerable advocate from Rape as well as her had even written to the As she puts they knew what was going but they still made me go through I asked the about the general procedure for such it said it was Courts and Tribunals Service that decided when and where cases were heard. The said it comment further on the tribunal because the matter was had her benefit appeal rejected. With more than a week she tells me struggling to pay her mortgage in her worst fears bankruptcy. abuse I was proud of making things She pauses. now few weeks after the trial I get an email from her abuser has been found not guilty. being strong she tells me she can at least move now the trial is over. But the reality benefits are still has thought about trying a tribunal essentially the channel through which to appeal against a benefit decision but she not sure I have the to be honest. a strong person. But I got it in is not her real 
The dean of announced on that he was stepping down at the end of the academic year to become provost of Northwestern University. As a scholar of history and one of the highest ranking minorities at last year found himself at the center of a storm of student protests challenging what they described as a racially charged atmosphere on campus. As protests over the treatment of minorities stretched across the country in recent impassioned college students have demonstrated on campuses from New to At the protests were set off by an email about costumes that some students considered to be culturally but included the history and the way it has dealt with race. the first black dean of was uniquely situated to address the and he embraced some student like calling for a more diverse faculty. But he was also criticized by some students who said he should have worked harder to address concerns about race on campus. said he was approached about the position at Northwestern and was drawn by the prospect of a new adventure at a strong research institution in the greater area. He said he did not decide to leave because of the protests. protests did not play a role in my decision to he wrote in an email. not that I enjoyed the but I do recognize them as a logical expression of frustration. Even though the protests were profoundly uncomfortable and at times rather be at a place where the students cared enough to speak up and take has spent 22 years at including his time there as a graduate student. An article in The New Times last year about his role during the protests said he regularly wore one of his six ties to work. He became dean of the college in and is leaving three years into his term. News of departure was first reported by The Daily News. change and more challenges are sure to and when they they will highlight the many differences among wrote in an email to the community. these I sincerely hope that you will all remember that you are at your strongest when you acknowledge these differences and yet support one another despite
As questions about Pharmaceuticals business practices have mounted over the past its relationship with the pharmacy Services has come under the most scrutiny. On the Justice Department said that the chief executive of and a former executive at were at the heart of this accusing the two men of secretly agreeing to promote the interests inside including persuading to buy an option to acquire The Justice Department charged both men with multiple counts of fraud and conspiracy. The arrests are the first charges in multiple state and federal investigations into business practices. According to the filed in Federal District Court for the Southern District of New who pocketed about million after the purchase option agreement went used a series of shell companies to transfer a million kickback payment to Tanner. The government said that Tanner used an email account under the name to secretly communicate with Davenport. In one celebratory email to that Davenport wrote that he could picture the two of them on a and ride into the the two outlaws met a nasty Tanner was forced out of in 2015. Davenport remained at until the company shut down in Both men said through their lawyers that they intended to defend themselves. the United States attorney for the Southern District of New said at a news conference on that the investigation was continuing. He would not say whether his office was looking into accounting practices. In a noted that the company and its top executives had not been charged in the and said it was cooperating with the investigation. Federal prosecutors announced on that Chase and its Hong subsidiary would pay about million to settle bribery charges connected to its practice of hiring children of confirming an earlier report in The investigation revealed that as was competing with other big banks for business in some bankers concluded that they needed to bring on the children of known as lost a deal to DB today because they got daughter work for them this one investment banking executive told referring to Bank. Many of the job candidates were the authorities but hired them anyway. For The son of a powerful executive who had a degree was described as having a very poor and had both an and a The son of a official who did very in his interviews still secured a position in New only to be transferred again. A banker later said that the hire out an he inadvertently copied to an where he made some inappropriate sexual His peers said he was irresponsible and but he kept his job. Shareholders of and showed their support for Musk by approving the merger of the two companies on said more than 85 percent of its independent shareholders voted for the deal. Under the terms of the shareholders will receive 0.11 of a share for each share of that they own. At closing that offer is worth about a or just shy of where shares closed. Critics have argued that the deal would weigh down financially. Shares of have fallen about 14 percent since the company first disclosed its intentions. In trading on shares of were little changed. Shares of rose nearly 2 percent in trading. Several Federal Reserve officials are scheduled to speak C. president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New will talk about the consumer expectations L. president of the City and S. president of the will attend a conference in on oil and the and L. president of the will give the opening remarks at a symposium on community banking.
President legacy looked on not long to include a major push against deeply entrenched housing segregation. In his administration rolled out a rule requiring local communities to assess their own patterns of racial and income segregation and make genuine plans to address them. The move followed years of debate and came as segregated cities like and faced renewed bouts of racial unrest. The federal advocates was finally trying to repair a promise of the 1968 Fair Housing Act. Now that rule is likely to be undermined and possibly erased by a Department of Housing and Urban Development headed by On J. Trump officially offered the cabinet post to a neurosurgeon and a former presidential who grew up poor in but has no experience in housing policy. While we know little about what would do at the he has played down the role of government in his own story. you his mother taught according to his autobiography have only yourself to And he has specifically criticized the housing rule. Known as furthering fair the rule has been politically contentious. Its backers argue that it is essential to remedying the long history of government and discrimination that has resulted in segregated neighborhoods persisting to this day. Critics say that the rule amounts to government overreach into the decisions and demographic makeup of individual communities and a free housing market. Republicans in Congress have tried to its implementation. wrote last year that the new policy followed the history of failed and would redirect housing primarily into white communities that oppose it. If he is confirmed by would have wide latitude to shape or slow the of the along with broader enforcement of the Fair Housing Act. the president of the National Low Income Housing said interpretation of the rule as a social experiment a fundamental misunderstanding of obligations that have been around since The Fair Housing Act passed that year included two one banning discrimination in the housing and the other requiring local communities to the goal of integration. The latter language means that not enough to punish landlords or communities who intentionally deny minorities housing. Communities also have a responsibility to actively ensure open housing which exist today neither in public housing clusters on segregated South Side nor in exclusive New City suburbs that use zoning laws to outlaw multifamily housing. and Jack past Republican acknowledged that second implication of the law. But for much of the time since the Fair Housing Act was this mandate has been largely ignored by both local communities and itself. The administration rules were an effort to address that oversight. And some advocates have spent just as long fighting for it. recently told Fox News that cannot have a strong nation if we have weak inner is the very insight that motivated Senator another Republican to include a provision in the 1968 Fair Housing Act requiring counties and states to further fair as a condition of receiving federal a lawyer with the law firm wrote in an email. The administration rule nothing like the partisan caricatures that have sprung up around said of the Poverty and Race Research Action Council. Many advocates wanted the rule to be much tougher than what emerged from several years of debate with local communities. In the rule provides those communities with detailed data on factors like racial poverty school quality and housing voucher use to help them determine whether and minority families are isolated from good schools or segregated from opportunity. The rule requires communities to use that information to draft plans to reduce segregation where it exists. Those that habitually defy the requirements risk lose funding from the agency. The first round of communities scheduled to complete the process have been at work on assessments due over the coming year. Before a new administration hostile to the idea could begin writing another rule that would reverse this or it could simply halt implementation. Or Congress could pass a law even as it remains on the books. For all the years that went into shaping the a new administration could relatively easily set it aside. That would also fundamentally change the conversation in about how segregated communities came to exist in their current incarnation. and other critics call efforts to dismantle them but these places were created through policies that can themselves be labeled social redlining that denied blacks policies that concentrated public housing in minority government decisions to locate highways that isolated them further. While many of these policies were first put into place decades communities remain shaped by them today. The mandate was based on the idea that this history of active government intervention requires an active government too. A theme of campaign was that structural forces hinder workers in the Rust Belt and beyond the decline of the lack of educational the opioid At would have ample opportunity to show whether he believes that structural forces undermine poor urban minorities historic troubled and if government should take an active role in pursuing a remedy.
My privet hedge seems to be dying. at least 40 years but I thought you kill them. What should I replace it with if it does is definitely on the but I have no idea what ails yours. If I come across something dying and the cause is not I first check the backs of leaves strange nibbled and nooks and crannies hiding then scratch the stem with my to see how much green is under the fresh bark. If I look at the feet. Is there a source of or mushrooms Has the stem been severed or or has a nearby large tree or shrub been cut down Is there a new source of light pollution at how can I look after my tree Read replace it until worked out what went then worth giving the soil a bit of renewal. usually sold in granule form as is well worth adding. a form of beneficial fungi that helps with uptake of water and as well as protecting against diseases and pests. a good mulch with organic matter will help boost soil for what to replace it I like a hornbeam hedge because the autumn leaves persist into but if you want something try yew Or go for a mixed native which can be quick to establish and Got a question for Email 
The Trump campaign has denied a report that a Trump Organization server was used to send or receive communications with a denial on night came in response to a Slate article that said activity on the server indicated sustained relationship between a server registered to the Trump Organization and two servers registered to an entity called the largest private commercial bank in Trump denies communicating with bank campaign live Read report is the latest allegation during this election season of questionable links between Trump and The campaign quickly pounced on the declaring the story proof of most direct link yet between Trump and Guardian has been unable to independently confirm report. Rumors of an connection between the bank and a web address linked to the Trump Organization have been circulating in for a number of weeks. the New Times reported on that ultimately concluded that there could be an innocuous like a marketing email or for the computer campaign press secretary Hope Hicks said as of not a secret server. The email set up for marketing purposes and operated by a has not been used since 2010. The current traffic on the server from address is regular server traffic not email Trump and a web that grows more tangled all the time Read be the Trump Organization is not sending or receiving any communications from this email Hicks continued. Trump Organization has no communication or relationship with this entity or any on a spokesperson for Bank said the allegations of a connection to the Trump organization were and that a firm the bank had hired to investigate believed the activity could have been by a Bank nor its including and have or have had any contact with Trump or his organizations. and have never met Trump nor have they or Bank had any business dealings with him. Neither nor its officers have sent Trump or his organizations any information or money. Bank does not have and has never had any special or exclusive connection with Trump or his based on interviews with three anonymous domain name system specialists and multiple named academics with expertise in concluded that the server in question set to accept only incoming communication from a very small handful of Among according to the two Bank which the specialists said accounted for of the lookups involving the Trump Organization ties to have long raised eyebrows. Several of the Republican campaign including former campaign chair have long maintained business ties in Eastern was a longtime political adviser to deposed president a close ally. Also on responded to an News report that there was a preliminary inquiry into his ties to calling it outrageous smear being driven by Harry and the is an attempt by them to take the focus off of the announcement of last on the renewed interest in the email scandal and the release of and campaign emails. There is nothing of my business activities to The Republican nominee has long praised leader and refused to condemn the hostile actions towards neighboring including He has even criticized for her criticism of and the United States to cooperate with in where the air force has been repeatedly conducted air strikes on civilians in Trump has long worked with business interests in real estate projects. His Trump said in make up a pretty disproportionate of a lot of our assets. We see a lot of money pouring in from for senior policy adviser called the alleged between the Trump Organization and banks key to unlocking the mystery of ties to line of communication may help explain bizarre adoration of and endorsement of so many positions throughout this continued. raises even more troubling questions in light of masterminding of hacking efforts that are clearly intended to hurt campaign. We can only assume that federal authorities will now explore this direct connection between Trump and as part of their existing probe into meddling in our elections 
Two years my partner and I finally wrote proper wills. The basic instructions for guardianship of our young written years were no longer We were prompted by Will a charitable scheme that runs every It was hard to resist its it is irresponsible not to sort out your affairs doing it this solicitors waive their fees and instead you make a charitable donation. This was but it was surprisingly hard to get round to which might explain why half the population have valid of my including superstitions that disaster would follow my writing was according to Will research. But my partner and I had also had experiences of wills stirring up uncomfortable emotions. My with no property to bequeathed me his chaotic stamp collection. It reminded me of his sad years and I hid it away until finally disposing of it. Badly. For I felt let him down. My experience was more pointed an unsatisfactory letter from his mother explaining her decision to leave her house to stepchildren and grandchildren rather than her a will a job but it is a matter of life and death Read I started asking I found that surprising numbers of people have had experiences of wills that left them puzzled as in the case of still upset after 20 years. in his is a successful professional living in who received a financial legacy when his grandfather died. But his grandfather delivered a wounding blow with his last was a big figure in his early life. in every says was a dominant personality. He was brilliant. been to a top university and was a national bridge champion. He was involved in early work in which really took off in in the and He was a funny person. I admired knew his grandfather had a cruel witnessed him philandering and seen him putting down his father. But since relationship with his own father was he saw his grandfather as an father was also very but he was one of those people who quite make it. His life had never really come together. He had never managed to have a good he never finished his and he sometimes had to ask his father for money. He was charming but he had a horrible temper. We were never violently treated we were scared of him. It was kind of fun to have someone put him in his The letter was just the thing you can imagine. It was a chronicle of my view of his grandfather as an ally and idol was shattered on his death. by then living in was summoned back to the US when his grandfather became joining family members at the bedside. The day after he the family found his will and a letter requesting that it should be read by who was named as now regrets that he read it first. started reading it out to my family and you know from the first sentence where going. And I stop reading it. What do you quite dutiful. So I probably just felt been told to read this letter so just read it. If it was I might not do The letter was addressed to his telling him what a he was all his how little respect he had for him every step of the way. It was just the thing you can imagine. It was a chronicle of my failings. have been a disappointment. You have borrowed money from me. Your life has been a The tone was nasty in a clinical still lives with a sense of guilt that his grandfather recruited him to wound his own father like this from beyond the grave. But if his grandfather felt would enjoy a shared role in delivering this he miscalculated. stop himself reading the but his mind was in revolt. remember my father sitting there listening to this letter and not doing anything. The only thing my father said there you are In an my opinion of my grandfather changed from being and often to being cruel. Simple. One word. thinks that his motivation was pure spite. and his wife were both vain and narcissistic. He had an image and he wanted everything a certain thinks a sense of entitlement and power reinforced this narcissism. They wanted their children to be in their image. was just so talented if they meet his expectations he was perpetually I come across a lot of people disinheriting their usually because been a huge falling author of Blood and mentions narcissism as one of the personality disorders that underlie spiteful and last letters. used to believe naively that inheritance fights were instigated by greedy he says. had fallen into the trap of blaming the living and pardoning the dead. Over time I began to appreciate that in if not the decedent himself or herself was a central part of the they just physically present to fight over the mess they had a hand in bad on the part of the deceased is for what it is. In 2014 unusually given a cornerstone of law is the right to leave your property to whomever you wish a judge found in of Heather who challenged her will. had explicitly disinherited leaving considerable property to animal charities. Their conflict had started when Heather was 17 and ran away with her whom disapproved of. never forgave her even though Heather went on to marry who is still her husband and father of their five children. The judge accepted the description of as an capricious and harsh runs Lovingly a company of bereavement coordinators. She says that surprising numbers of people seem set on creating emotional either because they are not clear about their wishes or because they are engaging in emotional warfare. come across a lot of people disinheriting their children. often because the kids bother with them and usually because been a huge falling out and they speak any more. One person rather give to the home than let that bitch get Sometimes because the child has married someone they like. I also get quite a few people wanting to give it to their because they feel their children have neglected wins after legal battle over will with charities Read thinks the potential for wills to cause havoc has increased. Because of house price the higher value of estates tempts damaged people to use wills as weapons in a fight. Higher values also make those disinherited more inclined to challenge wills and with increasing numbers of the chances of wills being inadequate to the situation escalate. People she when someone remarries that immediately invalidates other This means biological children can end up cut out of any inheritance. My kids would never do says it comes to cold hard and last wishes letters are the final words from the written when people contemplate their own end and are swayed by strong feelings about their relationships with children and about who needs help and who about how they want to be remembered. Wills are emotional documents as much as financial and practical ones and thus have the potential for creating havoc and distress if unclear or used as see her role as stopping people doing what they want with their but she does gently you think it would be a good idea to leave some to a blood Even if you leave it to the perhaps a because being disinherited leaves a legacy of often discussed openly. But thinks more openness might help people think clearly about what they are doing and the consequences. cynical about human she says and could go in terms of respecting the wishes of the deceased or the havoc created by a vicious will. want to scare but I explain all the scenarios and how to avoid them by thinking through what the end result will If you would like to communicate with directly about this please email 
Candidates sign off on 2016 election bitter presidential campaign is finally over and the two historically unpopular candidates have handed off to the 225,788,000 eligible voters. At a final rally at Independence Hall in flanked by her President and first lady promised a better future for the country and vowed to the that emerged during the campaign. passing the torch to echoed the themes of 2008 as he urged voters to fear and embrace The party was joined on stage by Lady Gaga and Meanwhile in Republican candidate Trump ended his campaign with a show of relative hours away from a Trump told thousands of supporters who waited until to see him. going to have real not a of how we got here and check out our election day live for rolling can also sign up for our groundbreaking mobile election The new alert launching will be one of the fastest ways worldwide to monitor US election results. Find out more polls open after and Trump make final pitches Twitter Lady Gaga and back at final campaign at stake in eyes are on the race to be the next US but the battle to control Congress may be almost as consequential. It is extremely unlikely that the Democrats will seize control of the House of Representatives on owing to an Republican majority in the lower but Democrats could overcome the current majority in the Senate. Races to progressive star Zephyr in New 19th congressional district and state attorney general touted as a future national star for Democrats. at stake for Congress in the US our independent people are reading the Guardian than ever but far fewer are paying for it. And advertising revenues are falling fast. So you can see why we need to ask for your help. The investigative journalism takes a lot of money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our perspective matters because it might well be your too. Support the Guardian with a monthly or a survival candidates have spent what feels like 100 years locked in mortal but several hours from now there will finally be a victor probably. We take you through the the electoral the the delegate the respective paths to victory and what to expect as the polls across three time zones close election night survival what to expect as polls close with civil a not a Of all the outlandish assertions to emerge from this one is by far the most credible. Win or Trump has catalyzed a movement that has destroyed the conventional wisdom and the establishment that has led the Republican party for a writes Whether he built the movement or simply rode its Trump has profoundly reshaped the politics of the Grand Old or Republicans are heading for civil war after election Rock reject presidential of broken police harassment and poverty have led to disillusion with mainstream politics among the Native at Standing Rock. No that activists at the North pipeline site say they have little faith in either presidential candidate to bring about the kind of change they hope for. want to have a say in said Frank a member of the Standing Rock tribe. guess you could call it trauma. I have faith in so I want to have a Rock protesters sit out the ashamed of them markets stock markets surged on as investors grew increasingly confident that will win the US presidential after the said it would take no further action against the Democratic nominee over her use of a private email server. The three main US all ended the day more than following strong gains in markets across the world. The US dollar also strengthened and the oil price ticked up by more than in further signs of confidence in a stock markets surge amid confidence will win US introduces electrical military scientists have used electrical brain to enhance mental skills of in research that aims to boost the performance of air drone operators and others in the armed most demanding roles. The successful tests of the devices pave the way for servicemen and women to be wired up at critical times of so that electrical pulses can be beamed into their brains to improve their effectiveness in military successfully tests electrical brain stimulation to enhance staff museum on new project in aims to make museums available to all corners of the country by taking a small gallery on the road to showcase artworks and cultural The is the brainchild of a writer and In the curator will begin a mammoth journey with the starting in the capital and across 10 first museum ready to hit the case you missed it local Democratic parties in six battleground states filed lawsuits against Trump adviser Roger voter fraud monitoring the Republican operative released new rules for volunteer monitors and pledged to a judge that he not target voters based on their But election monitors remain concerned that voter intimidation could still occur. an informal Trump said he was concerned that the Republican party in would try to manipulate votes to undermine and said that the Stop the Steal fraud prevention project was a Trump ally swears vigilante poll watchers will not target voters by US 
travel booking sites such as and are for travelers in search of accommodations or deals on packages that include both airfare and a hotel stay. But as sites to book Not so much that until recently. these sites and two new search engines Skylark and are looking to attract consumers seeking luxury getaways by including prestigious hotels in their inventory and selling discounted packages that combine luxe accommodations with or flights. With which is part of the luxury travel network users pay an annual fee to get favorable rates on 700 upscale discounted packages and email and live chat access to a team of about 20 travel agents. want to be a luxury travel agency where our clients can plan their own vacations but also rely on a travel adviser if they need said chief executive and for a member is considering two hotels in the and the they can instant message an adviser to inquire about location and other deciding the advisers can also arrange airport theater tickets and tours. But biggest attraction may be the discounts to 60 percent and perks it offers on upscale air and hotel packages. A recent example is a stay for two at the Mandarin Oriental with flights on Airlines from John F. Airport in New City to Airport. The trip costs for compared with if airfare and hotel were booked separately. And because the Mandarin is a part of members who book this package receive the Virtuoso amenities such as an if space is and breakfast. a free membership is also a Virtuoso with around 1,100 of the 250,000 bookable hotels being Virtuoso properties where clients receive extra said chief marketing One example is the where perks might include a room early and breakfast and airport transfers. and Skylark are coming into the market at an opportune said the travel industry analyst Henry the founder of Atmosphere Research because affluent consumers rely on digital technology for much of their travel planning. But these travelers also use travel and both search engines offer a chance to work with agents. Booking and both around since are also getting into the luxury game. On reservations at properties grew 40 percent from 2015 to compared with the same period a year said a vice president and head of global communications. is pursuing luxury travelers with the premium package business it introduced last year the packages pair flights in business and first class with upscale hotels and sell them to consumers for an average of 20 percent compared with the cost if each were booked separately. is a shrinking price gap between economy and premium cabin and we saw an opportunity to offer discounted packages that bundle these airfares with stays at luxury said a spokeswoman for the company. At any given has at least a few thousand premium packages for sale. A recent at a cost of a was a stay at the Park from 12 to 19 with airfare from New City. Some luxury hotels see an upside to being a part of travel sites. is the chief operating officer for the a group of 10 properties that includes the Plaza in which can be booked on Skylark and the other three search engines. He said that travel sites are a way to bring in more business. get a new set of who may not be familiar with our and sell said. make sense about
As the Cubs finally won the baseball World Twitter was awash with comments on things that had happened since 1908 the last time the Cubs won. For since then there had been two world the beginning and end of the Soviet Union and media had moved from a time when baseball even broadcast on radio to when you could watch the game in on your phone on the other side of the in the time the planet has warmed by around throw in this little nugget of information because always worth reminding ourselves that while the flotsam and jetsam of daily news and politics flies so too are the temperature climate agreement is a and business risks being left behind Read recently announced that was the warmest on record. nothing too surprising about that 11 of the past 12 months have been the warmest of each month. Only did not set a record it had to be content with being the on 12 months to set a new high for the warmest period recorded the old record set in of above the average of the 1951-1980. The same period in 1908 was the things have in 1908 there was also a US presidential election. There were no debates then the same number of questions on climate change were asked in this debates as back then now have the prospect of a US president who either believes climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the or at best believes just a hoax perpetrated by some vague group because a And yet this hardly rates a mention lost amid an avalanche of stories about the emails of the other we could get on a high except fare much better. Climate change at least was the topic of one question in the debate but it hardly dominated the election. like the we also have multiple politicians who fall at the first hurdle when it comes to intelligence by professing that climate change is a the topic comes up as the cause of blame such as renewable energy being cited as the cause for the blackout in South or even again this week with the announcement of the power station the discussion revolves around the negative aspect of the cost of policies that will reduce carbon emissions. a framing that has the underlying foundation that not pursing policies to reduce carbon emissions is a credible is rather similar to businesses complaining of the cost of introducing domestic violence leave rather than worrying about the horrific fact that there is actually a need for such a type of Gay noted on the closure of the power station was inevitable and yet the sense is that both state and federal governments were caught flat closure was inevitable. So where was the transition Gay Read the first reaction was to focus more on compensation packages for the workers. But there is a lack of any sense of governments accepting this is just the first of such closures and that plans and responses for them should be well in place by the Climate Council noted this climate change policy is mired in a valley of where our emissions reductions target for 2030 are based on measures that have been yet to be brought into have a gibbering fool like Trump for a leader who screams about China and international hoaxes on climate change but has long shed the leather jacket persona of his days when he took pride in his then principled stand on climate change more likely hear him talk of the great future for coal and rush to blame renewable energy rather than to push it as a solution. not the gibbering he is just the appeaser of those fools within his government. And that is no less is not a strategy that can because while it might help to keep the issue off the political and keep his leadership somewhat more the months keep passing and the temperature keeps of its age and carries with it greater significance than do other power stations. Perhaps its closure regardless of the reasons for it will force both federal and state governments to acknowledge that the future is here 
A journalist who worked at the Times has said she was dismissed for an article she wrote on allegations of rape by security forces following government pressure on the special investigations editor had been reporting on much of which is under military following deadly attacks last month on who have blamed how nationalism is rising in Read published on 27 and titled of rapes reported in northern cited the head of a rights saying around 30 women had been raped by security forces in a single also referenced a statement by the Human Rights Network that it was by at least 10 alleged rape cases that had been documented by civilians since military operations one woman who was three months pregnant and later suffered a who has also written for the Guardian wrote in an email to other journalists working in that she was told this week that the as well as several unidentified articles I had breached company policy by damaging national reconciliation and the said some senior staff at the paper had led her to believe that the government had put pressure on the Times ahead of her Times did not immediately respond to a Guardian request for article was published last presidential spokesman who has denied reports on rapes in publicly singled out as biased against the government and in of local reposted a comment by former minister of information Ye calling for a police investigation into and the would be expected given the sensitivities in the posts generated a considerable amount of hate speech against myself and the military admits soldiers killed villagers during interrogation Read is extremely important that a precedent is not set that allows the presidential spokesperson to use social media or any other means to personally attack journalists for reporting on these matters or for the government to be allowed to consider this an effective way to silence the piece said independent verification of the rape claims was not possible due to military controls in the including shutting out international humanitarian also reported that dozens of women had been raped or sexually assaulted by based on interviews with several victims. International aid including agencies in and diplomats have called for an and credible into the violence in the northern part of New Committee to Protect Journalists said security officials in should stop obstructing and harassing journalists attempting to report on the best way to prove or disprove allegations of rights abuses is to allow independent media to probe the accusations. If the government truly has nothing to then there is no need to restrict media access to the areas in question in northern said senior southeast representative. deputy director of Human Rights Watch in said the intimidation of journalists had a new low in its campaign against are a minority who have suffered years of persecution by the government and nationalist The government says five soldiers and at least 33 alleged insurgents have been killed since last and Central 
Bill disparagingly referred to as being selected for leader because he was maddest person in the according to a leaked transcript of a campaign speech he made last former US president spoke mockingly of responding to its 2015 general election defeat by moving further to the left and having got a guy off the street to be the in the shape of was speaking at a presidential for his in in last according to the transcript of his leaked by as part of the release of a wider cache of emails from campaign John was the period when was battling Sanders for the Democratic presidential a subject that led Bill to discuss the changes in the party at the told his audience that response to economic questions was go get the money from the according to the leaked a view to a lot of people around the argued. party disposed of its most because they were mad at him for being part of Tony government in the they moved to the left and put his brother in as leader because the movement wanted it. When thumped him in the they reached the interesting conclusion that they lost because they moved far left and so they went out and practically got a guy off the street to be the leader of the what that is reflective of the same thing happened in the election when people feel been shafted and they expect anything to happen they just want the maddest person in the room to represent he does not make it it seems is likely to be using in the US context of Such a political reaction was psychologically understandable and argued in the delivered at the home of a local real estate developer and his people in had a raise in 15 he said. per cent of the adjusted for have an income today lower than it was the day before the crash. The median income of adjusted for is lower than it was the day I left rest of the speech made no mention of instead covering a range of areas including the US gun control and the rise of and talking up qualifications to be spokesman for said he had no response to remarks. 
Share on on via more sharing on on on on on the workforce evolves and the technology used within it so too will our roles as workers. For employees of many of the things that define for us today may simply no longer apply. From fixed working hours and career paths to defined workspaces and physical static views are rapidly giving way to more fluid models built on adaptability and all underpinned by networks and the information sharing economy. In the more than career longevity and success will require the continual adaptation and upgrading of skills. The traditional career ladder will be a thing of the replaced by a lattice model where employees can move in different rather than just allowing them to tap into new networks. Speaking at the Future of Work conference held in earlier this Foundation for Young said the paradigms of the corporate ladder or the idea of becoming just a job seeker are now is being seriously she said. the next generation of young they are likely to have 17 jobs in five different industries. The other thing going to happen is that people are going to be in work for a much longer time. The future workforce wants to why are we doing what where are we how are we going to get my unique contribution and how am I going to know that contributed to something bigger than For the employers of demonstrating they stand for something bigger than just and making sure their workforce feels like part of is going to be key to attracting and retaining top well as this desire for a more fulfilling and rewarding working employees of tomorrow will be competing increasingly on a global level. According to a report by the combination of greater global economic integration and technological advancements has led to the rise of the global The report found that many of these jobs would not have been around 10 or 15 years and that as new technologies develop we will continue to see significant growth in roles that may not currently exist. Networks and the means we have to interact with people and intelligent will be the driving force behind these new global roles. Being able to identify and leverage new opportunities at the intersections of people and systems will be a key skill for success in the future Bot Lobbyist A global workforce brings more than just jobs. According to Executive Director of Human Resources at DIRECT the benefits of global synergy are also taking into account local influences and ways of doing you end up with a real diversity of thought I is key to innovation and she says. pace of change globally is immense yet so colleagues in some countries will likely be more progressive in certain while colleagues in other countries will have different experiences to contribute. Old paradigms of the corporate ladder or the idea of becoming just a job seeker are now Foundation for Young can all learn from each share successes and frequently adapt innovations to take into account regional distinctions. seen numerous examples within Group whereby ideas have been initiated and implemented in one country then rolled out to others as best with for the first time in employees of the future will find themselves in a workplace home to at least five generations each bringing its own benefits and attributes. describes it as most significant change since the industrial and says that while young people will bring the critical digital literacy skills to the skills connected to presentation and communication are just as crucial to success many of which are held by older and more experienced employees. Twitter the first time we are really clear that technical skill must be balanced with what we describe as enterprising skills. Things like and entrepreneurial spirit and Technology will also help to shape the face and careers of future workers. In the 2015 report Future Sue former Head of Secretariat at the Workforce and Productivity Agency wrote that while the impacts of technological change will take time to and will vary across we can safely assume that some workers will find their skills are complementary to new technologies while others will find themselves out of from the Bureau of Statistics point to the growing importance of STEM Engineering and skills in the says. 2006 and the total number of people with and without higher level STEM employed in the 10 most common STEM occupations grew 14 per cent. This was greater than the nine percent growth across all other occupation groups. This trend looks set to continue with the Government Chief Scientists 2014 report Engineering and finding indications that 75 per cent of the fastest growing occupations now require STEM skills and number of people employed as science and transport professionals increased 23 per cent between 2006 and 2011. There was also strong growth among information and communications technology professionals per and and science technicians says that in its report into the future demand for the Workforce and Productivity Agency noted that skills and capabilities are important for all not just those engaged in specialist future success for employees of tomorrow depends on more than just skills. the pace of change the need to not only keep up but to be ahead of the game is even more says. as much about mindset as it is skill set. You need to be curious and also resilient to thrive in an environment of change. Irrespective of what the future about being adaptable and even thriving in change and consistently seeking ways to stay a step such as great leadership and communication fundamentally how we apply them that how we will engage and lead future how we lead our people through change. People will need to be more accountable for their own be the ones to push themselves beyond what they thought was to think like an be and even drive impossible to predict exactly what is in store for the employee of one thing is it will not be just one career but many that will require the constant development of both technical skills and adaptable mindsets to navigate successfully. US futurist and author has named seven of the future as detailed in his book . They Has a flexible work are no longer bound to the office but location independent as long as they have future without cash Read Can customize own concept of being hired in one role for a career is dead. Employees will be able to shape their career paths and choose projects to work Shares who share their ideas and information and use collaborative technologies and internal social networks will be the ones who Uses new ways to communicate and emergent technologies such as internal collaboration platforms are going to start to replace email in many situations. Employees will need to embrace Can become a have the unique opportunity to become leaders within their by sharing their ideas and feedback in a public and transparent way for their managers and executives to Shifts from knowledge worker to learning start to by embracing the ability to learn new things and apply those learnings to new scenarios and Learns and teaches at has connected employees and information together so learning and teaching can happen between employees without official corporate training programs or Being human in a digital 
This election season has inspired acres of commentary about the effectiveness of political satire against an unprecedented candidate like Trump. But after 18 excruciating the big day is finally upon and the state of political comedy seems as uncertain as the state of the country at large. Bee has had a good her comedy about the evils of Trump and his ilk has given her a powerful new voice sure to remain vital beyond the election. Given that her fury extends beyond Trump to the inequality and bigotry that has infected the body she is sure to have plenty to rage at in the coming years no matter who of the most successful breakout comedians of this seems to have had enough. spent much of the year touring his Trump impression in the brilliant Trump v debates with After Trump clinched the switched to where he gave speeches in the Republican signature rambling goes The comedians and deflating the Read a show on night at the New comedy both he and his audience seemed to have had their fill of the election. For his final Trump ditched the parody and launched his own a leftist take on the history of oppression in and the laziness of When he pulled the Trump wig off at the end of the the message was clear we need to leave this guy in the dust. Twitter So how will comedians hosts and many of whom barely came to grips with the unparalleled absurdity of the Trump campaign handle a world after it may be tempting for some to shift back to normal as soon as with the it to both mentality that has been the traditional approach to satire. But has the way some comedians and writers have been so unabashedly partisan in their attacks on Trump broken the seal of pushing comedy into In a recent Late Night with for the host was unequivocal in his feelings about election comparing problem someone who was under federal investigation for using a private email server versus a seemingly list of sins. Twitter has had her fair share of mockery over the but her shortcomings are so much less baroque than her that had an easy ride. Will comedians move back into mocking her her paranoia as if they been glossing over it for the past six Or will they stay just grateful that the one who made it to the Oval how the satirical class would react to a Trump win is even harder. Early in the Trump seemed like a goldmine for but his sheer often put him beyond satire. Trump may have taken offense at impression of him on Night but such mimicry had the devastating effect that great impressions like have had in the J. Trump Night Live hit job on to retire the boring and unfunny show. portrayal stinks. Media rigging consistent point of mockery has been looks his outrageous hair and unnatural skin tone have been central to mocking him for years. Bee has perhaps been better at it than as this compilation of her Trump thesaurus Twitter But will it still be funny to refer to President Trump as a hunk of uninformed apricot in the third year of his Even by the low bar of typical political this election has been abysmally short on policy particularly where Trump is involved. Are comedians ready to hit him on executive How will they frame their approach to his What comedic narrative would define a Trump most comedians were not fully prepared for a Trump candidacy. After years of politicians like and the comedy institution know how to handle someone so apparently immune to mockery. So if future leaders attempt to copy demagogue hope that future comics will have figured out a way to take it 
Contribute your chance to be crowned Guardian home cook of the share your kale recipes with us. Email upload them via the buttons here or post them on by noon on 9 Selected recipes will appear in Cook and on 19 recipe Dates Dale Read can share your kale recipes by clicking on the button on this article. You can also use the Guardian and search for is the home of content on the Guardian. Contribute your pictures and and browse reviews and creations submitted by others. Posts will be reviewed prior to 
On a blustery afternoon this past the a gathering place at Community arguably the most ethnically diverse college in the most ethnically diverse quarter of the world western Queens seemed especially worn. There was little light streaming in from the windows that overlook a small interior the only suggestion of greenery amid a drab array of and an offering of concession foods that did not put you in mind of ministrations in the dining halls at I had come to the reaction of students to the election of J. Trump as around the many elite colleges were in a state of mourning and protest. At flags were destroyed. At on the night of the students flooded College Walk to cry and scream. The Lee C. himself denounced Trump at an awards dinner several days saying that the falsehoods disseminated during the campaign make seem and Students at urban community colleges around the though largely poor and many of them immigrants were potentially those with the most to lose under a Trump administration. Were they equally Or was the expression of outrage with its petitions and meetings and hours spent lingering over coffee and vodka and plans to overcome itself a luxury their lives could not On the morning after the O. and assuming her students needed went to the Atrium to hear them out. She found herself surprised by the range of response. of us have experienced this as a uniform and they Ms. Mellow told me. Some students welcomed they others were still others felt that the world was really no different from the way it had been 24 hours earlier with its would go on. Later the same one of Ms. administrative had been scheduled to lead a meeting of the a group of the most diligent students. She assumed that the evening would be given over to their feelings about the but the subject hardly came up. the students wanted to talk about their coming job their how to shake hands with potential how to find work as radiology technicians. None were none saw the current moment as the harbinger of end times. Of approximately 50,000 students more than 150 more than come from households that make less than a year. History is sure to regard the recent election as so monumental not for what it exposed about the dangers of estimation polling predictions that but for what it revealed about the perils of certainty. Members of the liberal ruling order were sure they knew what the poor and working class thought and felt. Talking to some of one is reminded of how much more easily the narrative of is adopted by people who have come here from somewhere compelled by their aspirations and not yet immunized against the mythologies. was registering students to be peer advisers when I met him recently. He was about to graduate from after two years and move on to a college statistically a major feat and he felt no instinct to personalize the election. affect said. affect my success or failure. Trump here in this he in my echoed the saying that she would not let the election dictate her life and that no matter how Trump might she would not let the fact of his presidency how I carry Not far away was who has been in the country five years and came from He said he found the notion of with the roads it closed off and the general flow of urban productivity it Within the broad population of college another fault line the election seems to make clear is the difference in the way that unsettling news is processed among the coddled and the persevering. a student from transferred this year to from to study engineering. She came back to visit before the Thanksgiving holiday. Ms. was not a Trump but she was she told by the paralysis that overtook the campus in the days following the election. Half of the students in her classes show she and to those who professors for long chunks of of the political environment. Ms. was also besieged by emails from administrators making sure students who were upset could get the help they and she found it all a bit too much. When she arrived back at the mood was just the opposite. she are busy with their five And many come from countries she counted herself among them where it is the rather than the to have leaders you like. left my country because I have she told me. came here to get a If becomes a terrible place to she will leave. I become a good she country will want
Last I received a text from a friend stating that I had found It was linked to an article in this paper by writer and comedian about and a fake Later that I received an email about the same article from the informing me that I had received a payment for said article. I had indeed been paid for an article written by someone with the same name as me. It would appear that confusion had rained down at there being two an easy mistake to make. In the archives sits an episode of Radio Desert Island due to a similar the then found himself interviewing the director for tourism for This was not the author of Where Eagles the intended but a figure unknown to one half of identical used to being confused for the wrong person. something that has got me out of childhood fights and even had me saved from getting sacked as reinstated as my the last 10 I have found myself in the strange position of being able to having the same name as an unrelated People turn up to my talks hoping to hear Radio 4 regular and occasional guest. they get author talking about wild cocktails or was first aware of this phenomenon due to an admission from someone who came to see the wrong It was after my first talk to a packed only. I felt elated until this comment left me feeling that I owed my success due to the sharing of a name. It happened again when I was promoting my third Brewing A man informed me that he was there to see Radio But as my book was about and he liked he stayed. After the talk he bought my book and me a was then that I I should approach this with some humility. I started calling myself and my The Other At the start of every talk that I have given I offer people the chance to leave if they are there to see another be he the the darts or keyboardist or the builder from just happen to me Radio 4 once got halfway through an interview before they both he the jazz This article was corrected on 7 2016. The late jazz was a rather than a as we had it. 
By declining to put up an official candidate to fight the Park the Conservative party has shown itself to be cowardly and rational. It took the decision knowing that it is not a great look for the governing party to absent itself from the contest. It calculated that it would be an even more dreadful look to field someone in the of May and see them slaughtered. Which is what would have happened. The chances of an official candidate winning in this leafy patch of southwest would have been somewhat lower than a flying saucer piloted by and Lord landing on the head of the Loch is no constituency in the country with a more intense concentration of rage about expansion and the government has just declared that it wants to multiply the number of planes flying over its rooftops. The constituency voted heavily to remain within the Union and the government is embarked on a trajectory towards one of the harder versions of A candidate in the name of the party would have split the Conservative enhancing the chances of the Lib taking the seat. So cowardice and cynicism combined with this does not mean that the absence of an official competitor for the party is an unalloyed blessing for the former Conservative MP who is the seat in the guise of an Once upon a when he had a reputation as someone who was not enslaved to his he might have been convincing in that role. Not now. Only a few months he was the Conservative candidate for mayor of he made the disastrous decision not to run on his own but to be the for a racially charged campaign designed by the machine. Both nasty and even his was moved to publicly deplore that very occasionally in politics have we seen genuine independents in parliament. One such was Martin the former correspondent famed for his white who ran and won as the candidate against in at the 1997 election. Goldsmith is no Martin Bell. To see how truly independent he we only have to visit the website of the local party. When I checked there on the banner at the top of the home page still featured his mugshot alongside the logo. The Goldsmith in the Park The video content is a stream of images of the man who is supposedly no longer a member of their party. A statement by the chairman says that association and its resources will not play a part in this before declaring that who are members of the association may well wish to support campaign and they are at liberty to do It then provides an email address for joining his from the party nationally have conveyed their warmest wishes for his Should he be returned as an it is widely and he has not denied that he will only sit as an independent for a while after an interval he judges to be rejoining the party. If words in politics retain any Goldsmith is no independent. If he is it will be a message to May to carry on as you is a big challenge to run as a genuine because they usually compete with the logistical capacity and activist base at the disposal of parties. I guess the money is no obstacle in this case. The Goldsmith has exceedingly deep pockets. There is an issue over how much support overt or clandestine he is going to get from the Conservative party. Will the machine feed him with voter This is a highly valuable especially at a when turnout is often pivotal to the outcome. It seems to be a legal area whether the party can gift him resources without it counting against the spending limit or whether he should be expected to pay a commercial rate and count that as a campaign starts with some significant advantages. He has a enjoys the benefits of incumbency and won a chunky majority of more than 20,000 in 2015. The first opinion poll for what worth has him comfortably ahead. In an age that expects politicians to betray their pledges when they become he may earn credit with some voters for keeping his promise to resign and the seat if his party went ahead with is a paradox. This may have been triggered by the runway but it is essentially irrelevant to the contest. His Lib rivals are just as opposed to the expansion of unlike they have always been united in their conviction that it is a terrible Lib who came second in the seat in 2015 and held it until ache for the boost in media attention and party morale that they would receive from a victory. Cable suggested that he might be up for attempting a comeback but in the end he did not apply to be the candidate. It concerns some Lib that their lacks the name recognition and the experience of her but that has not prevented them from pulling off sensations before. party seeks to cast the contest as a referendum on the government and particularly its trajectory towards a hard This makes sense. If they are to see a national revival from their experience at the last general a good hunting ground for the Lib is among Remain voters alienated from both a government and is split and scared about how to deal with the division between its which voted heavily for and its northern and Welsh where there was hefty support for Out. That prevents from being a clear voice for The Lib have that difficulty. They can be unequivocal opponents of hard They believe that helped them to do well at the recent where they leapfrogged from fourth place to with a swing of The swing to them from the would only have to be a higher for the Lib to take Park. Goldsmith is at odds with most of his who voted by more than two to one to remain within the Union. It is probably not to his advantage that he is so to the liking of that has stood aside from the contest and endorsed him. In such an it is of dubious benefit to be the lightly camouflaged candidate of the party and the explicit candidate of hoped that Park might be a testing ground for the idea of a between parties on the other side of the spectrum. Three relatively senior and last week jointly suggested that their party should stand aside to the chances of a on the grounds that this parliament progressives will need every vote that they can was an interesting intervention and the more so because the trio hail from different wings of the party. Their initiative might even deserve to be called quite for committing the heresy against tribal gods of suggesting that sometimes people should support a party other than their first choice. The idea has got nowhere because it received a predictably icy response from the party leadership. and his Tom agree on much. On opposing this idea they are as one. the only is one of the more eloquent advocates of deeper between parties. She visited the Greens to see if they might be persuaded to stand aside and found them unwilling. She old politics dies Sure does. This episode is a lesson to the advocates of a progressive alliance about just how hard it will be to turn the concept into something there will be and Green candidates contesting even though they stand a hope of winning. This may not ultimately matter. If the Lib can get one of their bandwagons they will put a hard squeeze on support for the The electorate has a lot of experience of They understand the dynamics and act accordingly. Park has the highest proportion of university graduates in the country. They have much problem grasping the concept of tactical voting. Nor should they have much difficulty spotting the difference between a genuine independent and a third 
Sending an email to everyone in the company is usually a guaranteed way of making yourself but the potential for annoyance is even greater if you have 1.2 million staff complained on Twitter about a sent by an IT contractor at to everyone in the as well as replies to all in response to the leading to claims that the entire email system had health service statistician estimated that at least including replies to all asking to be taken off the distribution had been clogging up digital said 840,000 accounts were affected. waste of a working day due to some in sending email to entire unable to connect and do my job wonder if this is why I can't log in to at the moment you're trying to get in touch with us please be it seems has gone down for the time being. We'll reply ASAP. for the individual that sent a test email to the entire user and bravo to those that to 1.2 million people have received approx 151 emails in error this morning. That's 186 million needless emails so far message to users described the global email as a severity service It issue with a distribution list has meant that several test emails have been widely received by users. This has been exacerbated by recipients replying in response and increasing the volume of emails associated with the impact of this issue has meant that some users are unable to access web due to the volume of emails being circulated. The distribution list has been removed and associated emails are being traced and cleared. In the users will experience slow performance with and email delivery delays from internal and external sources to a statement dictated over the phone due to the problems with the email an Digital spokeswoman users have experienced short delays in the system this morning. Action has been taken to resolve this number of email accounts have been operating slower than normal due to an user setting up an email distribution list which inadvertently included everyone on the system. As soon as we became aware of the we deleted the distribution list so that no one else could respond to it. We anticipate that the issue will be rectified very to the have trebled since the email system was introduced in May. The secure email service is approved by the Department of Health for sharing and sensitive 
single breaks stalemate as pip Cubs in Game 3 Read more What a game. A single by Coco Crisp made all the difference. Now the Cubs are down 2-1 in the World Series and they have to face tomorrow in Game 4. a tall order for but it would be a mistake to count out these Cubs. My In on the other is right out the will do it from us at the Guardian but look for more World Series coverage from us over the next week. Thanks for reading along with this especially those who The have taken a 2-1 lead in the World 1-0 here comes takes a huge cut at the first pitch and fouls it straight back. 0-1. On takes a ball. makes it to a second. A single could end this game. The next Down low. 2-1. Dangerous count here. At 2-1. A breaking ball down and a way and says that went all the way with his swing. The crowd disagrees. swings and misses and the have won Game 3 of the World 1-0 bottom takes ball one and then fouls off the next pitch. 1-1. Man could he rewrite his entire season with one swing of the bat here. 1-1. He hits a ball off of and he make the play. safe at is at There is life in 1-0 bottom grounds out to third. makes it to but only on out left for the Cubs. And up to of all players. 1-0 bottom is in to run for is at the plate. After starting of takes a strike and then swings and misses and strikes out. One down. 1-0 bottom this is drama right here. One run game. vs. the heart of the order. AND IMMEDIATELY HITS A SINGLE ON THE FIRST one way to a crowd. 1-0 top who would like to remember everyone that still in the league gets his first of the World Series too. gets three sliders in a confounding everyone. Only one of them is for a strike. next pitch is a fastball called for a ball. 3-1. What a strange selection here from goes back to the fastball for the next pitch. Good call. a full count. stands and cheers. On grounds out and that the end of the offense in the ninth. Can lock this one 1-0 top gets his first World Series Shame not in easier circumstances. He manages to work a full count off of but eventually succumbs to inevitable fate by striking out 1-0 top is in the game to keep it a game. Which is also the right move here mean anything is this situation. a perennial save situation. Scratching out run against is difficult. in to face who strikes out almost immediately. 1-0 bottom falls behind 0-2 and then hits a just foul. tried to will that one fair. He strikes out on the very next pitch and it for the who are down to their last three outs. 1-0 bottom it going to for the last four outs. This is almost certainly the right move even though I know that by saying it pretty much doomed it to failure. be facing Guyer is in the game to play left moving to center. 1-0 bottom stays in to face who hits a base hit. Does this mean that going to see 1-0 bottom gets a massive ovation coming to the as he should. Shaw stays in the game. His first pitch a called strike that sure looks upstairs to me. next to pitches are off the but he gets to shatter his bat on a pop out to short. 1-0 bottom at the most interesting part of the game. is warming in the bullpen. is on the circle here to hit in is up facing who greets with two straight balls out of the zone. swings and fouls off the next pitch. 2-1. He takes whatever. a ball. On swings and fouls on back. 3-2. swings and fouls off a cutter out of the zone. Still 3-2. grounds foul. Still 3-2. What an swings and misses for out number one. 1-0 top that was quick. flies out to go 1-2-3. 1-0 top is in the right just so all caught up on the defensive readjustments. Strop gets to strike out swinging for out number two. 1-0 top in to start the top of the 8th. falls behind 0-2. tries to get to convince him that this ball hit his but no avail. He then grounds out and apparently the end of Strop is coming out of the Cubs bullpen. 1-0 bottom it matter. Shaw promptly gets to ground out to stranding acting as the most expensive at third. 1-0 bottom the Soler hits a long down to the right field wall that looks like going to go foul int the stands. Instead misjudges it in the wind and tries to make a jumping catch. Instead the ball is fair and misses it. Solder makes it all the way to third. 1-0 bottom who grounds out to who makes a play and beats to bag for out number two. 1-0 bottom Shaw is up for with now in and catching. Shaw gets to ground out to second. 1-0 bottom Ringer going in and out of a Daffy Duck impression during Take Me Out to the Ball Game so decisions seem less weird At this Bill act just kinda bums me out. like all of is his enabler. Coco Crisp single 2016 1-0 top call is upheld to the overwhelming delight of the fans in the stands. 1-0 top poor decision making their by see if that comes back to bite is now up pitching for the first pitch to is a strike and his second compels him to swing and miss. He hits a chopper that just barely handles as the ball takes a ball as it takes a tricky hop. is is a close play at the plate and could challenge it. 1-0 top review and say that the call stands so is safe. Hard to it was probably just too hard to good news for the Cubs is that Miller is officially out of the game. The bad news is that Coco Crisp that scores the first run of the game. But the other good news is that they throw out at third for the second out. 0-0 top takes ball four and the Cubs get at third in what looked like a pitch out by Smart that. going to look at it a close play. 0-0 top my Miller has a bat in his hand. Are they really going to give him a an see. he falls behind 1-1 and calls a clear strike a ball because what doing. shrugs it off and comes back with a very clear strike. 2-2. And BOUNCES the next pitch. makes it to 0-0 top lays down a bunt to get to second. Normally not a fan of bunting like but considering a scoreless game in the 7th the quality of the pitching and defense and the looming threat of in the I totally get it. 0-0 top is back out to start the 7th and welcomes him with a solid single. And we get a for When supernaturally good pitching meet supernaturally bad pitching sure took a lot of strikes to strike out 2016 0-0 bottom gets ahead of 1-2 never believe swing and misses. three in a row for Miller. Holy hell. 0-0 bottom strikes out Fowler to start the inning before I can even register that falls behind although that second ball certainly looked like a strike from here. He works his way back to get him to strike because what an Miller does. 0-0 bottom moves have been paying off all but using Miller this early feels like it could backfire. How long can they afford to ride If he has a inning it just means that the bridge to the closer gives this Cubs offense a window of opportunity late. 0-0 top falls behind 2-0 but gets to chase his way back to 2-2. On checks his swing but has no such luck on the next pitch as he swings and misses to end the inning. 0-0 top who hits a flair that takes care of. two out just like that. 0-0 top up here to start the 6th. here to face been noticeably frustrated today. That change he grounds out to of playing at are winning this one. This clinches it. 0-0 bottom makes good contact off of but it ends up landing in glove and the end of the Cubs threat. To the Email from in The Cubs infield tonight is so good it needs another name. A lot of what looks like for the Cubs has actually been phenomenal defense. 0-0 bottom is announced as a and Terry is into the game to make a change. is in for Miller coming into the game. already.
come have if the 2016 election were a show. These writers are and this script has all the subtlety of a napalm enema. There are just days to go before the season and the election is suddenly waylaid by an investigation into Which follows a scandal about Trump grabbing women the ignited by Billy This is supposed to be empowering political not pornographic pantomime. Not that the hair and makeup departments seem to have got that of course. given the way too much bronzer and with that ridiculous a not a Whig. turning this rubbish are None of us are. all hooked on this until the bitter end. It has routinely been described as a but it is a dumpster fire to which pulled up seats and grimly grabbed the popcorn. Indeed the last few months have felt less like the routine unfolding of the democratic process and more like a Original that never seems to end. A Political Tragicomedy Featuring a Strong Female Lead the entire world is to survive epic with a a pizza and a haiku Read will the say What amazing trick for creamy risotto will expose in the next email Was born in to lesbian lovers who started going to do about Find out in the next episode of Election 2016. Which will in 1 viewing figures speak for themselves. The first presidential debate in was the in drawing a audience of 84 according to And the final in live from Las had 71.6 million making it the debate in history. The only other presidential debate to get the sort of ratings Trump v has had was the sole debate in 1980 between Jimmy Carter and This election just going to be studied by political I reckon is going to be mining it for election day the campaign will have run for more than 600 days. Nobody is sure how going to although theories abound. I do have one spoiler for you. going to miss this election. we are. be relieved all over but also be changed. So before the dramatic look back at some of the elements that have made Election 2016 a targeting of a female audience Previous of Democracy have focused on male protagonists. This of central casting decided to shake things up and make the Democratic nominee a woman. If from the South or around 60 other the whole thing is an old plot device. But women have been waiting a long time for this moment in the US. there are women who have been waiting 96 years for this. Women get the right to vote in until meaning there are women born before female suffrage who are now getting the opportunity to vote for a female inspirational if potentially having the first female president groundbreaking you get a guy like Trump entering the race. An outsider. A guy who inherited a fortune through hard work and is still very rich. A guy no one thought would make it in let alone run for president. But he pushed through. He said things like they were. He stood up for the small the racists and the misogynists and the Trump is an inspiration to us all. A reminder that if born rich and act like an entitled bigot you too can make it in cameo by an evil villain is a staple. as Bill the Butcher in Gangs of New in Silence of the Lambs. as Magneto in And this election keeps that trope alive and well with starring as the smarmy threat of an imminent apocalypse How many Trump supporters think he will start a nuclear And yet they are still supporting him. Proof that some people are really committed to it or this the craziest election ever. of and an election that caused so much bother it resulted in a sitting vice killing a Founding Father in a duel in 1804. In won the election but lost the south. Gore v Bush in 2000 resulted in a recount. But what none of those elections had was is Trump actually going to During the third presidential Trump told the will tell you at the time. keep you in called response but got to the guy sure knows how to keep a storyline elections 
A US firm hired by a bank to investigate allegations of a secret line of communication with the Trump Organization said on there was no evidence so far of substantive email or financial links. which is owned by the company said it examined server logs presented to the bank by media investigating the link. The magazine Slate published a story on about communication between a server hosting Trump domain addresses and a server owned by the owned by two and worked with in city government in St in the early campaign denies report of Trump Organization tie to bank Read more The Slate quoting a range of said the communication between the servers suggested it was human rather than and that it was intended to be secret and exclusive. In a said it had been presented with a log of the communication between the servers over a period of 90 listing the separate contacts. information presented is inconclusive and is not evidence of substantive contact or a direct email or financial link between Bank and the Trump campaign or the statement said. list presented does not contain enough information to show that there has been any actual activity opposed to simple which can come from a variety of sources including and other security shows Trump and neck and neck in unpopularity contest Read statement part of the ongoing Bank has opened its IT systems to which has investigated both remotely and on the ground in We are continuing our investigation. Nothing we have or have found alters our view as described above that there evidence of substantive contact or a direct email or financial link between Bank and the Trump campaign or allegations have triggered debate among security experts in the in the midst of a fierce political row over the role of the Democrats have decried the decision of the to notify Congress of the discovery of new emails relevant to its inquiry into use of a private server while secretary of without making public parallel investigations into ties to Computer scientists quoted in the Slate story said that the Trump server had a capacity for mass email but was only being used for a small amount of nearly of which was with servers from a single parties were communicating in a secretive fashion. The operative word is secretive. This is more akin to what criminal syndicates do if they are putting together a said a software expert and one of the creators of the domain name system that guides communication on the a expert and head of Errata dismissed the claims as He said the domain in was actually controlled by a company that handles marketing for including also argued that there was no sign of human communication between the which appeared to be looking up each the first step towards establishing communication. The logs show that two Bank servers sent a total of more than 2,700 lookup requests to the Trump email server. requests are spread out evenly throughout the with no correlation to time Graham said in an email. would indicate automated tools looking up incoming not humans sending email. If it were sign of human we would see spikes around when people got to work and when they got back from John a consultant with who has also studied the said there were unanswered questions about their provenance and identity of the person bringing the data can be more important than the said. suspicious of the claims that this was gathered legally. They tell an interesting but not clear whether there is selection or filter applied I smell smoke. I just know where the smoke is coming Jean a professor of informatics at said there were still a lot of unanswered questions about the communication between the act like a marketing server. Because you use a mailer with over of its communication with just one Camp said. know of any marketing campaign that would do According to the Trump email domain was hastily reconfigured after a New Times reporter approached Bank about the connection in On the New Times reported that the had spent weeks looking into the logs but concluded that could be an innocuous like a marketing email or for the computer and computer elections 
Welcome to Where nuclear and are all up for review. A place where Trump is is pal and the most senior White House advisers are from the political not a place some US voters had expected to find themselves before last the bureau was not entirely surprised. Having throughout over the course of two first with Democratic contender Sanders and later and having attended hundreds of rallies in witnessed the discontent in the most contested states. We feature his writing on the front page of our 18 the first in print to report on the US elections week we had a special update for 18 edition has been expanded by four pages so that we can put the US election into a truly global perspective. International domestic response and financial implications have all been by the extensive network of foreign correspondents. We also bring you the finest in opinion writing from the very thoughtful and 10 pages of US election coverage leap from strength to got the rest of the world the government and rebels agreed a new peace accord after an earlier deal was rejected. In New rescue and recovery efforts were under way after a strong earthquake. And in memorials were held a year after the multiple terror attacks across that claimed 130 lives. Your Weekly team has been flat out ensuring captured this most remarkable week in the life of the expect some of you will have thoughts to share on recent events. Please do send your letters for publication by clicking here or emailing also some great reading on our feature pages. Review probes the concept of western Discovery finds that border walls and barriers are bad for and Culture catches up with musician albums who is back in the week also saw the passing of singer and poet who died at the age of 82. given over our back page to remembering a man who used words and tunes in a poignant manner to make sense of a bewildering tried with this edition to dispel some of the bewilderment. How did we Drop me a line with feedback on the editorial content by clicking here. And thank you for supporting the Guardian Guardian 
The updates from friends in are a chilling instruction about the world we live in now. Black friends reporting racist street abuse. Trans friends stockpiling treatment medicine before Trump ends the Affordable Care Act. The young women seeking out concerned about impending restrictions on birth control and desperate to head off more punishable future spend a lot of time being harassed on the but never seen the volume of hateful garbage appeared on my Twitter feed in the past two days. worst emboldened with has to face the immediate consequences of its electoral choices. In we still have the privilege of being able to face the cause. While discussions dissolve into furious flurries of symptomatic of feeling terrified and a calm reminder deserves is a word that not only explains that there are complex factors that inform how people are but also how others come to oppress was the embrace of that won it for Trump Read appreciate the overt racism and sexism of message that inspired the overwhelmingly male electorate who voted for the marching the streets of North because excited about his tax plan. How bragging about sexual assault was forgiven by an electorate moved to explosive passion over fewer emails deleted by a candidate than by W Bush is but one neat example of an ongoing sexist double standard. But the significant number of white and the smaller but just as crucial number of who voted Trump into contribute their numbers to the nuanced and difficult story of appeal to an middle and working class displaced and enraged by 35 years of economic policy. I wrote an article about the economic anxiety of working when I was in the US earlier this year. Those stories of low poor conditions and very few protections affect every individual who voted for but they are depredations visible everywhere in an omnipresence that reminds any without independent wealth how insecure their conditions are. In Ken extraordinary documentary series about the Civil the point is made that the majority of Confederate soldiers fighting to maintain slavery slave owners but gave their loyalty and their lives to the Southern Cause in a willingness to defend the status advantage that another oppression provided them. impossible to witness Trump voters scream hate at black and people with disabilities and other minorities without remembering have greater means at our disposal to protect our community from the ravages of than the experiences of our cousins and now our ones suggest. The words need to speak to the working are ringing out throughout the US election postmortem. one thing better than speaking to the working and participating in join a unions are the difference that gives the workforce a comparative comfort that our counterparts in and have. While and Thatcher were smashing the working class in the ours not only held but Bob a former union leader no was installed as the prime minister of this country. While their wages were driven down with drivel about unions demanded and delivered the award wage system which exist in either of those other bargaining through unions delivered the penalty casual loading and higher minimum wages that and the have not had. And for all of this struggles with sexism and other forms of we have an opportunity to fight not only but also its fascist It should be economic misery foments conditions that agglomerate unions campaign for and defend the system does not have. unions fight battles against and keep the gates of quality public education open. They have fought for equal for equal opportunity and for workplace all of which underpin our fundamental belief in its own egalitarianism. Democrats once represented the working class. Not any more Read of these things of been under attack from advocates if still scratching your head as to why the Coalition has been trying to smash the with the legislation for four long bitter now is the time to make the when politicians are unconcerned by strong unions provide the bulwark against exploitation and reason the World Economic Forum reported only of would be tempted to vote for Trump is that the miserable economic conditions that fomented his electoral rage response have not yet yet here. If you want it to go any if you want to avoid the there is an alternative to hate. It is trade elections 
Good morning. A few months I started talking to people about asking them what dishes they put on the table each year and why. So did other reporters here who carry their notebooks in search of and We put out a request for readers to tell us via an email link. Hundreds and hundreds responded. The standard first the whole shtick. People talked about their bronzed turkeys and buttery mashed their cranberry the importance of gravy. They talked about pumpkin pie. Some serve mac and cheese. sprouts. But then we And that was when things started to get interesting. We all come from after all. Your ancestors may have roamed this continent for thousands of years before the Mayflower dropped anchor near the end of Cape Cod. They may have been on the ship. They may have come on later willingly or in chains. They may have come by train or airplane. They came. The journeys play out on the Thanksgiving table as surely as there will be lines to buy television monitors on the morning after the feast. People cook what they perhaps especially on holidays. And what they like may be what their parents or their their back before their families were in before they were tastes arc back over generations. But those same tastes also change over especially as hearts swell and new families are born. People cook what the people they love like. That fact changes Thanksgiving. It can make for incredible meals. The result of our and subsequent ones by and Times video is an interactive article that looks at families across the and at the dishes on their Thanksgiving tables that speak most eloquently about their heritage and traditions. The stories of these we help tell the story of the nation. They help tell us who we are. Of course there are Fifteen of for side dishes and desserts that may enliven your own Thanksgiving table this and we hope prompt you to tell us about what dishes you serve and what they say about you and where your family comes from. You can share your own stories in the comments section. looking forward to reading them. In the talk about dinner. Typically on we cook with a recipe. Instead we go off the power of suggestion. for steak tacos. Get some fresh some pick up a couple of skirt steaks. Make some fresh or canned pickled a healthy couple of shakes of powder. Shower the steaks with salt and and broil them for a few minutes a side until perfect and rare. Warm the tortillas. Grate the cheese. Rest the slice and serve with the cheese and that salsa. Dinner. You want an actual instructions to Try this one for chicken which I learned from Or head on over to browse our offerings on where in addition to collections of easy weeknight also assembled all the tools need to help plan your Thanksgiving festivities. me on and if you want still more or sign up for Turkey Texts to get my advice on your Save the recipes you want to cook to your recipe then head into the kitchen to make your idle notions delicious and real. Rate your results when done and leave notes on the recipes if you have smart suggestions for how to make them or differently. as please let us know if you run into either with a recipe or with our site and standing by to did you see that movie results were up 47 percent this past weekend over the same weekend in Maybe like to see in coming Or going at least once finished reading which is dark and as both Garner and have pointed out. See you on
Doctors have said they will boycott attempts to introduce identification checks as part of government plans to combat the most senior official in the Department of told that he was looking at making hospitals check papers to find out whether they should be a proposal he admitted was would mean that those trying to use health services in including might have to prove their identity before having operations and undergoing tests in but it would not cover care received at have reacted with fury to the and have threatened not to implement it. described it as saying it was not the role of the to be working to kick migrants In an email to the Guardian he doctors would boycott it. The is founded on the principle that should be free and accessible to all and that as make our decisions about best for our patients without external influence or pressure. Being forced to become part of immigration services and actively blocking vulnerable people from accessing is fundamentally incompatible with the ethical and moral obligations placed on us as migrants know that doctors and other professionals will actively liaise with the Home Office to deport them then they will avoid seeking hugely dangerous especially in pregnant because without prompt early access to they stand a much higher risk of presenting as an emergency later potentially with much worse the This is absolutely the should not be actively working to kick migrants out one of the junior doctors who mounted an unsuccessful legal challenge to the imposition of new White I won't be asking anyone for their passport before resuscitating thanks. an health of my patient will be my first their passport details told the public accounts committee that passport checks were already taking place at one hospital in that treats a population with a high number of accepted it was not part of service but that it might be necessary to crack down on use of the by visitors from abroad who do not have an automatic right to free National Audit Office report issued last month said the government paid out to other countries for the treatment of but received only in return for the treatment of a former cancer surgeon at the Royal hospital who has campaigned against health welcomed the initiative. He told Radio Today he had recommended such a idea in a letter to the Department of Health in August 2015. will put the message out there that the is not open to health that when you come here you will be checked for he said. But pointed out that it would not stop maternity tourism. He arrive in this country in the late stages of a pregnancy and they declare themselves a month before the expected date of delivery and no airline will fly so they become called and they are entitled to have Mark the chair of the Medical said the idea was a politically motivated response that would not solve the funding crisis in the told the Today is a the question is whether the proposal to require everybody using the to show a passport and another form of identification before receiving hospital treatment is either proportionate or going to resolve the National Audit Office estimates that the uncollected fees are a year. We have got an with a deficit approaching 100 times that amount opening up over the course of this parliament. This is little other than a pinprick on top of the actual problems facing the something across the entire in this way in response to such a small problem would be tremendously background is an that has been deliberately starved of the resources necessary to treat people and recouping a small amount of those from overseas visitors by introduction of a new mechanism by which people have to show their eligibility is simply not going to fill that 
An email I received from a reader some time ago has begun to haunt me. The sister was dying of cancer. she asked would I respond to the word in the context of a cancer My correspondent did not gloss over the miseries of her terminal state. She outlined a series of horrific tests that led doctors to withhold food. She described infections and the caused by edema. But then she testified to her uncanny ability brighten any with her smiles. Had I received this query while I was undergoing my first it would have triggered irritation bordering on apoplexy. Why should a cancer patient be expected to lift her own spirits or anyone it hard enough dealing with such dire circumstances without having to become a booster for oneself and for One scholar of cancer decries tyranny of that gets too many patients making us feel guilty about expressing understandable anguish. During the intervening I have interacted with friends as they confronted an irreversible condition and have witnessed a kind of grace that I found inspiring. While coping with these people contested it and sometimes the medical protocols upon which they had to rely. Yet when bodily functions shut few of them dug in and battled a condition pronounced terminal. their sense of seemed to be founded on acceptance of their impending mortality. What might have contributed to their patent and patient And given my own impatience with circumstances beyond my could I possibly tap such Catholic and Protestant authorities agree on the mysterious nature of which they see as a free and undeserved or gratuitous not a reward. A disposition that works to perfect the grace cannot be known or acquired through beliefs or deeds. In the the word for appears in the benediction the Lord be gracious to though the word for is used more frequently to denote an unmerited gift. For believers who seek this benefit from as for nonbelievers who seek it grace remains a highly elusive but highly desirable especially in troubled times. People with cancer explore all the activities that people without cancer use to make themselves receptive to a sense of beneficence or loving religious private breathing and body verse or mantra making or looking at listening to or making walking in communing with and alcohol or marijuana. Those engaged daily in one or more of these practices testify to their efficacy. A zillion books offer instructions some of but the trick must consist in finding own eccentric way. My correspondent had glimpsed grace in her smiles. also found it in an obituary that a Beth had composed for herself while she was dying of and she included a link to it. The eerie opening died prefaces a description of Ms. life and then her conclusion that the end grace and love not It reminded me of the first I had read. After a recurrence of the author and editor Lotter posted an essay in which she recalled the high points of her education and career because she wanted to be about having a full rather than about having to She closed with thanks for her family and ended with happy to have been Might the introspection and retrospection of writing serve as one source of grace that transforms it from a gift received to a gift After my friend Pep died of metastatic colon his in the local paper brought tears to my eyes. It was as if I heard his voice from beyond the grave. The act of composition must have composed providing an opportunity to reflect on his to express appreciation of his family and and to make peace with the posthumous presence he would become. In common the word means ease of a style that charms those who observe it. A scholar of many Pep would have known that it derives from the which mean pleasing or and that it gave rise to the and the By virtue of his gracious Pep bestowed a gift of grace on his family and friends. I cannot imagine attaining a durable state of grace throughout the ordeals that will surely arrive in the future. I consider practicing a series of brief grace notes. The musical notation of these short notes is printed in smaller type to indicate an ornament and with a slur mark linking them to the note they a fleeting sound before a longer lasting duration that immediately follows. To they look like a tiny bounce or skip forward. There must be as many ways to play grace notes as there are people in the world. What might they I In this I give thanks for the time that remains. To resist animosity and I want to devote it to becoming proficient at all sorts of grace notes before the chords of closure resound into silence.
president called for a new era of fledged between his country and the US yesterday after a surprise victory which was applauded in the parliament and prompted speculation that sanctions could be an election campaign in which was openly accused of interfering in of congratulated the on his victory and said was ready to work for better understand that it will not be an easy path given the current state of degradation in the he speaking in the as I have repeatedly not our fault that relations are in such a poor state. But wants and is ready to restore fully fledged relations with the United became one of the first world leaders to congratulate sending him a telegram expressing hope for an era of positive ties. Many politicians welcomed the both because Trump has spoken of his admiration for and because he represents a blow against the US Populists first to congratulate Trump on historic upset Read between the US and have reached a war low over the past two due to differences over and involvement in the conflict led the US to impose sanctions. the chances of sanctions being lifted on have risen Renaissance global chief said of victory. would improve the investment climate for a political was jubilant at the result and said a Trump presidency would make it more likely the US would agree with on where the two powers back different sides and has intervened decisively on behalf of the also said it would mean less backing for terroristic junta in He denied allegations of interference in the but said we helped a bit with administration accused authorities of hacking Democratic party emails that were leaked to has previously dismissed as claims of the of liberal Echo of said that while some in the were probably other people there were unpredictable times like unpredictability and Trump is the definition of he said. celebrated and then became foreign secretary and they what is Twitter How the 2016 US election night in the region victory was met more warily. president offered his to the Republican to the friendly nation on democratic expression of Officials in had expressed fear prior to the vote that a Trump presidency could see them thrown under the bus in of improved ties with three states were similarly tentative in their welcome to the newcomer on the world stage. Trump has previously suggested his administration could be less committed to and would not automatically defend a country under statements that have worried leaders in the three nations and who fear a newly assertive president said the US remained firmest and closest But the incoming prime minister said that he hoped remarks on and were campaign rhetoric. He added hope the election campaign is now over and it is not yet time to The mood in was also anxious. said the result showed the US embracing which would weaken involvement in In the government collapsed after prime minister lost a vote in parliament. This could see a party join the ruling Trump wins presidential plunging US into uncertain future Read as Trump was edging ever closer to the White the US ambassador in held a breakfast reception at his residence. diplomats and liberals watched as the chances of a victory the editor of the opposition New Times cannot believe it. There will be absolutely no constraints on now at all. This will be a John reminded visitors that diplomats were unable to give personal opinions on elections. He happy or one of the key things here is to understand that our institutions in will also spoke about the importance of a free media in providing checks and balances to government something that sounded hopeful rather than declarative given attacks on the media during the many US diplomats in the country will be wondering whether a President Trump means a total reversal on policy. predecessor in the has been extremely critical of campaign and wrote on Twitter as the results came intervened in our elections and succeeded. Well He later deleted the mood of policymakers around the president was one of cautious optimism. A source close to the political space for every US president is quite narrow because a lot of the momentum is in the mentality of military secret services and politicians around the president. But it is obvious that as a former will be much more pragmatic and be a hostage of the mistakes previously and generously made by even biggest cheerleaders despite praise for the reality could be different. is a Trump is also a macho. Maybe it could be a said the elections 
If you think back to this presidential campaign and recall a lot of articles mentioning email troubles and J. various you be wrong. If it seems there were fewer articles about the economy and because there were. The temptation to blame news organizations for this imbalance is but there is at least some reason to resist it. Critics have long assailed campaign coverage as focused too much on candidate campaign strategy and assessments of instead of on policies and ideas. But this the candidates share the blame. I compared the content of campaign ads with the content of news articles about two specific candidate traits or and the economy or jobs. Both the candidates and news organizations spent more time discussing the fitness for office lack of than they did the economy. And the imbalance grew more lopsided as the election approached. Using analytic tools provided by Crimson I categorized the campaign news coverage of 23 media outlets. This consisted of four broadcast three cable news National Public Radio and on the two news and 12 newspapers. I specifically searched for news about campaign and her email server or her campaign and and several controversies connected to campaign things like Trump the Khan family and the I also looked for news about the campaign appeals on the economy and jobs. This list but it gives a sense of the between coverage of these controversies and the economy. The controversies received more on than their views on the economy. From until Election 38 percent of the stories mentioned various and 35 percent mentioned email. Only 17 percent mentioned Trump and jobs or the and only 10 percent cited campaign and the economy. Closer to the from 8 the numbers got even more lopsided. This was an important date just after the release of the video and a few weeks before Director B. letter to Congress. From this 53 percent of the campaign articles mentioning either controversies or the economy discuss while only 6 percent mention her alongside jobs or the economy. As for 31 percent mention his while 10 percent mention him related to jobs and the economy. The imbalance in coverage of the character is as is the lack of coverage about the economy compared with the controversies. Moving one week past the video between 15 and Election roughly half of the stories about scandals and the economy mentioned and only a quarter discussed Trump and his imbroglios. A mere 7 percent of the stories in these last three weeks mentioned and the economy percent mentioned Trump and the These choices have consequences. According to the reports of what they heard or read about between and were mainly references to her handling of emails during her time as secretary of state. In mentions of Trump changed week by tracking what was happening on the campaign trail. But before anyone blames the news important to examine what the candidates themselves were talking about over the course of the campaign. If media reports reflect candidate discourse then it is not merely the media choosing to report on scandals. It might be at least as much the choosing to campaign on them that results in unending coverage of traits and characteristics. To figure out if this was the I used data from on all the campaign ads aired between and Election Day. I coded all of the appeals in each ad and weighted the appeals by how many times the ads ran on television. made more ads than and she vastly running nearly three times as many ads as he did. All over half a million ads were run in 2016 during this period. The content of the ads is revealing. Both candidates spent most of their television advertising time attacking the other character. In the losing ads did little else. More than of the appeals in advertisements nearly half of were about characteristics or dispositions. Only 9 percent of appeals in her ads were about jobs or the economy. By 34 percent of appeals focused on the taxes and trade. Since the start of presidential campaign television advertising in no campaign has made 76 percent of its television ad appeals about any single topic. On traits typically garner about 22 percent of the appeals. The economy typically generates about 28 percent of the appeals. usually much more balance. Of this was an unusual election with two very unpopular so the flaws may have simply been too big a story for either them or the media to pass up. Whatever the the criterion of fitness for office dominated the messaging and made up a good share of the Trump messaging as and the news media covered it.
looking to purchase a tower for working from ideally for less than It must have a processor fast enough to manage my work across multiple Excel as well as running Word and Chrome at the same time. At the I am using an old laptop with two external monitors. When I try to process my things slow down to the point of or it crashes. are right in thinking that a tower will generally run faster than a similarly priced laptop. Towers provide plenty of space for chips to run hotter and therefore faster than they can in without throttling performance to avoid overheating Core should be more than adequate for your needs. A Core would be but usually pushes the price up considerably. You can compare processor speeds and operating temperatures at tasks such as recalculating large spreadsheets also tend to require more memory. usually easier to add RAM to a tower than a laptop. You can also add faster graphics cards and multiple hard including drives for the your Excel work is probably limited by a shortage of RAM. is more likely to crash if it runs out of memory than if it runs out of processing If your laptop has of you should start with at least and make sure you can upgrade to or more. You can check the upgrade options in the service or repair manual if you know the model motherboards usually have either two or four memory so ideally at least one should be free for an upgrade. For should be on one not on two sticks. If you have and one free you can upgrade to by buying one stick for less than It would cost twice as much to replace two unwanted sticks with two new built or are still plenty of desktop towers available from retailers such as John World and You can also buy them directly from small such as alphabetical Specialist and as well as from giant business suppliers such as HP and another sells through a range of outlets including and of the appeal of direct suppliers is that you can often to get what you want. the number of configuration options has fallen dramatically over the past five especially on the cheaper ranges. It can also be a bit of a nightmare trying to find out which parts you can upgrade yourself. If Crucial you can always ask in the support forums for each ultimate form of is to build your own from scratch. This takes more but the Part Picker website provides plenty of sample builds. You can share your selection of parts to see if other users can suggest improvements. One drawback is that Windows costs a lot more if bought rather than on a partly because it includes or business you are buying a for business consider a business These should not include the sort of that most suppliers bundle with consumer to reduce the cost of sometimes to zero or less. most suppliers still bundle software and some of their own which are not always usually run Windows 10 Pro rather than the Home version. It probably matter for your purposes. The main advantages of the Pro version are the ability to attach to corporate drive Group Policy controls and Windows Update for Business. Pro also supports of compared with main attraction is business support. painful to lug a desktop to your local store and to repairs can take up to two weeks. By you can buy business with business support. Dell offers from three to five years of pro support and business service for to depending on what the original starts with. HP offers four years of coverage day call to on desktops for up to only a is one of your cheapest options with a Core of memory and hard drive for at World. it also selling the same machine with a fast Core for Origin desktop is another affordable with the Core version available on for Pavilion range of desktops with Core processors at World start with the Pavilion for This has the usual of memory an graphics card with a a hard drive and a direct from you could get a Pavilion tower in white or blue for This model has a Core processor with of memory x a hard drive and a leaving one internal hard drive bay free. There is no professional service for but you could add three years of pickup and return service for you could get much the same thing with a hard drive the Pavilion from John Lewis for In this the price includes a direct from you could get an 3650 with a Core of memory slot 730 graphics card with of hard writer and Windows 10 Home for you only get one year of collect and return support with no better to the very similar 3650 would provide a Core with only no graphics card and no second hard drive for plus delivery. The only advantage is that you could add four years of service for You could always stick of memory into the empty slot to bring the RAM up to most configurable affordable tower I can find is the It offers a choice of six nine memory configurations from to and nine first or second hard drives. Prices start at but you can select an Core of memory three slots and a for just under I would add a secondary hard drive for and another of RAM for bringing the grand total to Of you could do these upgrades yourself later if you find you need not much to choose between these The is while the is the most configurable and possibly the best. the Dell 3650 is good value at If you shop you may well find some HP Pavilion 550 desktops with better specifications at better prices. sometimes has while Laptops Direct has deals and refurbished you got another question for Email it to 
The race between and Trump appears to be getting even closer with just six days left before the election. An average of six different polls shows that is now just 1.7 percentage points ahead of Trump. But still a lot of variation one poll finds that is three points another finds that she is six points Trump. Both surveys were conducted after news that the justice department had obtained a warrant to investigate an aide to before which her lead was already shrinking. Twitter women stand divided over Trump and on eve of variation between polls surprising it can be explained by the fact that different polls speak to different people. For the LA Times poll which has consistently found that Trump has more national includes one black male respondent who consistently said vote for the Republican nominee. That one individual has a disproportionate impact because of a statistical process called weighting one respondent can end up representing hundreds of thousands of are current polls a good reflection of what will happen on election the answer is although they will probably be a much better indicator by the morning of 8 rather than now. email scandal will probably go down in US political history as an a news event that can cause a shift in public opinion. Those surprises which have included announcement of a halt in the bombing of North in and the news of a charge for W Bush in 2000 typically affect final outcomes all that much as the chart below shows. It compares polling a week before from election day and the morning of with the final voting outcome. Twitter polls one week before the election v the result. only snag is the electoral college system. In it just and the Post that predicted a Bush win polling averages also showed the Republican three points ahead of Gore. Though both candidates ended up with of the popular only after rounding. The actual result was Bush ultimately became president because the distribution of those votes worked in his he collected 271 of the 538 electoral college votes are needed to The map looks a little more daunting for the 2016 Republican though. Even if Trump can win and important states where he is in a close race with all the other states where he is leading those where he would still need to secure at least one state with a decent number of electoral college votes like or But is ahead in all three of those states by a pretty safe margin of five to seven points. The Trump campaign may take solace in the fact that history might not be a great guide in this election. The accuracy of polling is now in doubt. More in this are faced with a choice between two of the most disliked presidential candidates in living where media reporting on polling data is continually shaping their choices. If Democratic voters think a win is or dislike both candidates in equal they might just stay at home. And if there are enough of those voters in the right Trump could still become the 45th president of the US. elections 
foreign affairs has raised concerns about the unclear direction of US foreign policy if Trump becomes said the federal government had considered what a administration would mean for and it knew what to if Trump won the US presidency she indicated the government would have to work hard to ensure interests were still looked director faces fury for cryptic letter about email inquiry Read less than two weeks to go before the US federal Bishop said Trump was a than believe there will be continuity in foreign policy from the should it be a administration. She sees the US as having a global leadership Bishop told the Insiders program on Trump does not. He sees the US as having got a raw deal from and he would focus more on domestic have seen particularly as secretary of have a view that the US should take a leadership role in the Middle in hot spots around the world. She was the principal architect of the to the Pacific in US became a member of the East Summit with China and others. US engagement in our region is important for us. I believe that will continue under will be up to our including to persuade a Trump administration to focus on the she said she had met many and appeared to be pragmatic. She said understood place in the world and had a deep understanding of the Trump is a much lesser known as far as is she said. have a record in in public office. We are looking closely at the policy pronouncements he has Trump said he wanted to shrink the presence in and charge allies billions of dollars for complaining countries like Japan and South had been freeloading on the US and the US was getting little in campaign assures Bishop that is a and strong Read you sending our sending our doing our war doing he said. reimbursed a fraction of what this is all said would also be monitoring carefully comments from the said recently when he told officials that he wanted to separate from the but had clarified his comments to say he was only talking about pursuing an independent foreign policy from the United which she said was not a remarkable will be concerns if he does seek to distance the from the United States because the United States has been the principal security guarantor for our region and many including the and has benefited enormously from the US Bishop has gone on to say that in Japan he would like to see US troops leave but that he is not going to break any agreements at this point. We will monitor his statements month Bishop met with campaign team in the US and said she had been assured was a and strong ally of the United the she said from point of view the alliance would hold up under a Trump am confident that whomever the people in their wisdom choose to be there will be an ongoing strong connection with she elections 
J. Trump moved swiftly on to diversify his cabinet and try to heal lingering rifts in the Republican reaching out to Gov. R. of South and a prominent Republican both of whom opposed him during the as well as who challenged Trump for the Republican nomination. Ms. who was named ambassador to the United and Ms. who was named education would be the first women in cabinet. whose selection as secretary of housing and urban development is expected to be announced on would be the first But none of these choices suggest a who is reaching beyond reliably conservative precincts to fill his administration. Ms. an who is a rising star in Republican pushed for the removal of the Confederate battle flag from the South State House after the deadly church shooting in in 2015. During the Republican she was a frequent and vocal critic of Trump and supported Senator of Ms. is one of the most avid supporters of school a subject she and Trump discussed last week at his country club in But Ms. also sharply criticized him during the campaign and spent much of the year raising money for other Republicans on the ballot. On Trump rolled out their appointments with unstinting praise. Ms. he said in a was proven deal and we look to be making plenty of Ms. he was a and passionate education For who was spending a quiet day before Thanksgiving at his estate in Palm the appointments ended a breathless sprint since his stunning victory. In a videotaped holiday greeting to the people on he acknowledged the wounds left by a and bruising political His aides said he would resume meeting with potential cabinet members on when they said he would announce the retired neurosurgeon with whom Trump bitterly clashed and lavishly praised during the campaign. Soon Trump is expected to name Gen. N. as defense secretary. But the search for a secretary of state has become less people involved in the transition said. Aides are divided between W. who staunchly backed candidacy but whose business dealings have drawn and Mitt viewed by many as a safe pick but who harshly criticized Trump during the campaign. who has lobbied publicly for the confided to associates that he believed the job was his and told top advisers that it was the only post he was interested according to the people briefed on the discussions. But Trump grew concerned both with the attention has been drawing to himself and the reports about potential business conflicts. Some in the circle voiced concerns about whether would be the subject of a messy confirmation battle. Their attention turned to an unlikely Advisers who favored believed Trump could send a unifying message by holding a perfunctory meeting with a vocal critic like But Trump liked him and was intrigued by the prospect of a emissary of the United States around the world. met with Trump a day urging him to make a decision. has not signaled to Trump directly that he would accept the job if a person close to the transition said. Trump has also been warned by several advisers against choosing because he might pursue his own agenda. The tension has left some on the team looking for a third like Gen. John F. of the the former head of the United States Southern which oversees the military prison at H. the retired Army general who was director of the a particular long former Senator of who could be the lone Democrat in the cabinet after having briefly run for the presidential nomination last year. Choosing who resigned in 2012 in a scandal over his leaking of classified would be somewhat easier after Trump said he would not pursue a case against over her handling of classified emails on a private email one person close to the transition said. The debate over secretary of state is a microcosm of the balance Trump is trying to strike in all of his appointments between loyalists who will appeal to his base and more mainstream many of whom stridently opposed his candidacy. In Ms. Ms. and he is trying to appeal to several of these from ultraconservatives to the diverse society that Republicans have tried to with mixed results. selections could blunt criticism that his early picks came from a homogeneous bloc of white men. If Ms. would step down as governor and be replaced by the lieutenant Henry who was an early supporter of Trump. is a familiar face to after a Republican primary campaign in which he briefly rose to the top of the polls. Neither he nor Ms. is particularly experienced for the posts they have been offered. had even seemed to take himself out of the running for a cabinet position last with his friends putting out word that he had concluded he was not qualified to run a vast federal bureaucracy. Some pointed to Ms. experience as a legislator and trade ambassador for South as credentials for the United Nations post. John D. a former ambassador to the United Nations under President W. Bush who opposed said Ms. was an and very good not an he said. quickly grasp that there are aspects of the United work that can benefit the United Ms. a former finance chairwoman of the Republican National won the support of Senator the Republican who is chairman of the Senate Education Committee. He called her an She favors charter which are publicly funded but typically run independently of local school boards and and school which give students tax dollars to apply toward tuition. Lily president of the National Education the largest criticized the saying that Ms. efforts over the years had more to undermine public education than support has lobbied for failed like vouchers which take away funding and local control from our public schools to fund private schools at she said. schemes do nothing to help our most vulnerable students while they ignore or exacerbate glaring opportunity
It took several and a little help from some dancing for Juju on that Beat to become a viral It started off as the Anthem in which kids had to replicate the dance moves performed in a video clip made by set to music that he had By the end of this everyone from in snapback caps to teenage girls in sumo suits had filmed themselves taking up the challenge. And it took Records just five days to turn Anthem into Juju on that a tune that could make both them and the creators a whole lot of which borrows its beat from Crime If You Buck and whose chorus is a series of playful dance was written in a few idle moments by and on that Juju on that its hook using a term the pair made up after taking inspiration from recently coined dance moves like the whip and nae nae. drop Hit aye Running man on that They uploaded the song to with an accompanying dance where it caught the attention of Fresh the a dance troupe from with an impressive social media following. Once their version of the dance began to gain junior followed suit with a video tweet that has since between more than 260,000 times. From the song and the challenge blew up. Twitter the short version. For young people who engage with viral trends on a daily to explain its trajectory in this way is completely unnecessary. For those who do the whole thing can sound like another language one that the music industry is scrambling to emailed and a few questions. Their answers were about as cheerfully brief as you might expect from a couple of teenagers with far better things to be doing. wrote it for they reply when I ask if the idea of becoming a viral was in their minds when the song came about. And I was more important in making it go the song or the are very In other they are not particularly interested in dissecting the intricacies of viral or something that they created for their own amusement. As far as and are it just business side the ability to take notice of and a type of which now moves faster than ever is down to the record label that snapped them up. When the pair were signed by the song was not even available to download. Within five days of them signing on the dotted it was up on It soon reached No 8 on the Billboard Hot and it is now slowly climbing the entering the Top 40 last startling are the the track with no uploaded by has had nearly while the official video has had nearly But the real proof of its reach lies in the challenge videos the dancing clowns have had more than a compilation of people dancing has had nearly a dancing to the track on the show has had views. Scores more videos have topped the mark. at the time of Juju on that Beat has had just short of plays on Twitter Juju on that Beat is the latest in a string of songs to have become in the last few years. such as Drop that went viral several years after the initial release. In that the sudden surge in popularity was down to a trend on Vine the recent demise of which may have lasting repercussions for the way spread. Then there is Watch Me the track that inspired the irreverence of Juju on that Beat. Like and it featured catchy lyrics and a and its video has had more than a billion views on The biggest such as Shake become recreated by sports teams and catchy lyrics and copyable dance moves were enough to spawn a record companies would have been able to churn out viral hit after viral hit. But it is not that simple. someone or some entity can crack that code and harness the power of says of Drake who has published articles on could unlock the ability to reach millions of people. Social media entities may be countering some of this with their new algorithms and methods of disseminating but viral information may be impossible to Black certainly has no idea why the song and video her mother paid a record label a modest sum to produce in late went viral. Aged 13 at the Black was thrust into a sea of vitriol and mockery peppered with the occasional show of enthusiasm for what was essentially a harmless in the space of just a few days. has now had more than views on and more than dislikes. For being part of a viral was never the intention. Nor was it an easy wave to ride. was just too young to really process she says. on a brave face and acting as if I was totally was the only way I knew how to cope with it. I can see now how tough it five distance from and a new single that holds its own among pop it seems was a wave worth riding. After unlikely that her banger The Great Divide would have had more than views in the past two months if it were not for her viral beginnings. Twitter It is an intangible formula that makes songs such as and Juju on that Beat catch on. If someone sets out with the intention of creating a viral they are often destined to fail. Social media users can sniff out corporate cynicism from a mile so as soon as brands jump on the the general population tends to jump off and move as is the case with Watch Me the process is not quite as organic as it seems. The success of one of the biggest viral hits of last year was at least partly down to a company named by The company is the brainchild of who spotted a gap in the viral market for third party that the individual artist and the In return for a percentage of an recruits its members to help make a song or dance video go viral and is completely upfront about it its website boasts of how it the gap between brand technology and the entertainment enlisted 50 of its members to create unofficial dance videos for Watch Me racking up views in a matter of months. The weekly streams nearly its sales tripled and was signed to Capitol for shrewd business acumen to amount to the source material had to be right. The company threw its support behind single because it knew it was on the brink of becoming viral anyway. And for every Watch Me has helped countless others have fallen by the wayside. After if the formula for could be would surely have bought a cellar full by and 
The boss of a payday loans company hired computer hackers to try to sabotage a consumer rights website after it had carried complaints about his was tracked down by the after he paid hackers to launch an attack on the Consumer Action Group crown court heard the owner of Elite also paid hackers to target websites of rival payday loan companies. of South was sentenced to four months in suspended for 12 months. He was also ordered to carry out 180 hours of unpaid work and told to pay in costs after admitting five charges of commissioning court was told that contacted hackers after being on the a forum for the discussion of consumer rights. One comment relating to firm companies are preying on people already in a vulnerable position and making life they should be shut tracked down hackers on an forum about hacking and paid one to try to take the website though it did not work. He also paid to hackers to mount against the websites of competitors. They used a tactic called distributed denial of which typically involves flooding the target with superfluous requests in an attempt to overload their systems. for the effects of such attacks are significant as the companies are so reliant on their websites to generate court was told used the Liberty Reserve payment based in which allowed users to transfer money by giving a date of birth and email was shut down by the US government in May 2013 amid fears it was being used by criminals. During its investigation into the the came across dealings with hackers and contacted officers in the The home was raided and his computer equipment seized. claims his company had initially been targeted by other companies. an area of business which is highly competitive and some use unethical practices. He said he lost a day when his website was for the told the court the consumer site had detailed the married personal and encouraged users to contact a low risk of him committing further of this nature. now working as a carpet The court heard Elite Loans has since stopped recorder of Judge told the a period of two years you resorted through revenge to try and disrupt websites. You were prepared to spend quite considerable amounts of money to achieve this After the shows the lengths these payday loans companies will go to in a bid to silence their critics. He was upset and contacted a hacker in the US. But it was a very stupid thing to do and it failed to said his free website had 350,000 members who share consumer 
Trump was poised to pull off a stunning upset in the US election early morning as Democrats lost a crucial rust belt state that dashed dreams of becoming the first female campaign chairman John appeared before distraught supporters in New to announce that would not be appearing to give a concession speech. should head he told them some sleep. have more to say was a moment of stunning anticlimax after a chastening night for the campaign and came as Trump stood only one state result away from the Oval and North falling to Trump and a shock early win in the Republican needed either or three states hit hard by the collapse of US manufacturing the Associated Press projected Trump had won He was also ahead in both and and just behind in a race in New go to the polls in the strangest places in pictures Read assuming Republicans are able to hold on to early leads in the usually reliably red western states of and then would be all he needs to put him over the win for senator Pat at also confirmed if Republicans hold as expected that a President Trump will have the support of both a Republican controlled US Senate and House of reeled from the prospect of a victory that would reverberate around the world and futures markets pointed to a fall of nearly 600 points in the Industrial crowd at watch party in the midtown grew increasingly excited as the evening went on. Loud cheers erupted every time returns from and were shown on the television screen. The mood grew increasingly optimistic as attendees huddled anxiously around their televisions clasping their drinks and their cellphones in equally tight to holed up at the Peninsula hotel in where she was watching returns with her went silent as the race tipped in quickly sounded a sombre note. team has so much to be proud of. Whatever happens thank you for she wrote in a tweet aimed at supporters as the first early losses came a for under the veil of a glass ceiling that was meant to be an epic symbol of a historic night when gender barriers were swept there was even bleaker of people who filled the Convention Center in midtown and the thousands more lining the blocks outside had eyes glued to the A woman clasped her hands over her mouth in disbelief as the newscasters announced Trump had won North mood dropped markedly as results began to roll North Outside the Center at the a couple embraced. The woman wiped a tear from her face and the man stroked her hair. Another who identified himself only by his first called the results so far and think there could be so much hate in this country there he an flag drooping at his a few hours before polls started team was still insisting he could yet shatter expectations with an election night upset that would reveal deep anger among US another hopeful sign for senator Rob John in and in all comfortably held off Democratic polling by suggested of voters had made up their minds more than than week before last minute inquiries into emails temporarily raised fears of a late Trump surge. Earlier in the team expressed optimism about its prospects as the returns first began to trickle felt confident this morning and into the an aide told reporters at the hotel. has changed was nonetheless palpable as the results swung in with aides going dark on reporters seeking further comfortable victories for were called in New New and West Twitter Trump booed as he arrives to vote in New was also projected to have won similarly safe Republican territory in and South followed by North South and to had been quietly confident about going into the close of pointing to record turnout in the populous counties of and two counties have proven to be Democratic strongholds in recent and campaign moved quickly to drive up early voting among the key demographics of what it referred to as According to a campaign early voting surged in recent days among and More than 1 million voters cast their ballots the campaign roughly double the number from a sign of how Trump has been even among the last W revealed that he and his had left the national portion of their ballots blank when they voted in two weeks results started to come two candidates with very different views of were watching television just two walk from each the at the Peninsula hotel in midtown and the Republican team in Trump a sign of potential for turmoil either the Republican candidate again told Fox News he was to have to see under what he would accept the result of the election amid what he said were complaints of vote Trump campaign filed and lost a lawsuit in alleging early voting was illegally extended by local but voting rights experts who are monitoring the election across the country are continuing to report a slew of minor from long lines to faulty technology and sporadic reports of one of the most sensitive swing states that both and Trump have poured resources into was particularly troubled by voting machines breaking down and electronic polling books seizing up. A lawsuit was filed with a superior court in North calling for an emergency order to force the state board of election to keep the County polling places open until US presidential five scenarios The In which Trump loses every state with even a hint of Democratic flavor and drops a few big Republican ones too the fantasy scenario for every offended by The Trump Bank Trump has performed strongly all winning North and In this squeaker Trump owes his electoral life to white The blood pressure climbs to before finally reports a conclusive win for at The The result comes down to a resulting in a refusal the mother of all legal The Make Great The Cubs won the World Series. And guess These things happen in threes. Brace yourselves for whatever may the efforts to introduce one of the strictest forms of photo ID requirements in the country led to widespread according to of the Center for well as voter monitoring by the Department of civil rights invited overseas observers from the Organization of States to the US election for the first Democratic candidate began her day with at least a small step toward casting a ballot for herself at a polling site in her adopted hometown of She arrived at the inside an elementary with husband Bill just under four hours after landing in from a final day of campaigning with four rallies across three battleground of supporters had braved a chilly fall morning to greet the candidate they hoped would be the first woman to serve in the highest office. Chants of believe that she will and broke out as the emerged before them after voting in the company of an eager herd of local residents who appeared to forget their own ballots in the company of the former and perhaps future first told reporters voting for herself was most humbling know how much responsibility goes with this and so many people are counting on the outcome of this what it means for our she I will do the very best I can if fortunate enough to win also confessed to thinking of her late who she has described as one of her greatest was then a quiet afternoon for the Democratic nominee. She taped a series of radio interviews and prepared for the night that will seal her fate from her home with a small group of confidantes. Twitter and Bill do mannequin mood within the campaign was cautiously with few signs of a team bracing for the unexpected. The night her husband and the staff aboard one of the final flights of her campaign recorded a lighthearted video as part of the a new viral camera spanned the frozen in different at the front cabin. When the frame reached statuesque in the company of rock icon they broke into laughter as the words stand still. Vote flashed before the screen. It was a relatively insignificant final promoted mostly on social but in its joviality a testament to a campaign confident that in but projections of real time voting patterns also appeared to support the Democratic belief that its voters were flocking to the helping rally US stock markets for a second day the Trump campaign read the turnout signals in a different pointing out that the numbers of registered Republicans turning out to vote in battleground states were up on the level seen by Mitt in while Democrats were seeing less turnout than for The mood in Trump Tower remained defiant all even though the candidate himself told I I will consider it a tremendous waste of and a lunchtime Trump communications director Miller told the early indicators from states like North and New where we are tracking specific precincts mean we are feeling very good about turnout and our spirits are buoyed by what we are seeing said Trump had received a standing ovation from staff in the election at campaign headquarters when he visited after voting on morning. feel we have done everything leading up to election day that we possible added cast a ballot in midtown New at local time. He described his vote to reporters as tough after complimenting a poll hair. like your hair. I like that hair respond to questions about whether concede in the case that see what Twitter Bizarre road to the campaign in three event was only public appearance of the day. He made multiple appearances on Fox News. In an afternoon interview with he warned of voter claiming are reports that when people vote for Republicans the entire ticket switches over to Democrats. seen that. happening at various places it has been reported. In other the you put down a Republican and it registers as a expressed cautious optimism about his prospects on feel really good. I feel good about tonight. have to see what happens but getting very good numbers coming out and see. Who but I think we are going to do very turnout does match or exceed that for two historic it will cap a remarkable election campaign that has defied nearly all political expectations over two years of often bitter competition. flocked from the international space station to the early voting hamlet of Notch in New to cast their first of a polling station in Trump a residential building built by the Republican declared his support for the namesake. he said. but said he stand but as a he was voting for him in said he had almost cried when he cast his vote for a beautiful day to go vote for he elections 
J. Trump on tempered some of his most extreme campaign dropping his vow to jail expressing doubt about the value of torturing terrorism suspects and pledging to have an open mind about climate change. But in a interview with reporters and editors at The New Times which was canceled and then reinstated after a dispute over the ground rules Trump was unapologetic about flouting some of the traditional ethical and political conventions that have long shaped the presidency. He said he had no legal obligation to establish boundaries between his business empire and his White conceding that the Trump brand certainly a hotter brand than it was he said he would try to figure out a way to insulate himself from his which would be run by his children. He defended K. his chief against charges of calling him a And he mocked Republicans who had failed to support him in his unorthodox presidential campaign. In the midday meeting in the boardroom of The Trump seemed confident even as he said he was awed by his new job. is a very overwhelming but not overwhelmed by he said. He displayed a jumble of many of them conflicting. He was magnanimous toward but boastful about his victory. He was about some of his uncompromising about others. The interview demonstrated the volatility in positions. He said he had no interest in pressing for prosecution over her use of a private email server or for financial acts committed by the Foundation. want to hurt the I really he said. On the issue of Trump suggested he had changed his mind about the value of after talking with N. a retired Marine Corps who headed the United States Central Command. never found it to be Trump said. He added that found more value in building trust and rewarding cooperation with terrorism me a pack of cigarettes and a couple of and do was very impressed by that Trump said. he is going to make the kind of a difference that a lot of people are Trump repeated that was being seriously to be secretary of defense. think for a he said. On climate Trump refused to repeat his promise to abandon the international climate accord reached last year in looking at it very Despite the recent appointment to his transition team of a fierce critic of the Trump said that have an open mind to and that clean air and clear were vitally important. He held out assurances that he did not intend to embrace extremist positions in some areas. He vigorously denounced a white nationalist conference last weekend in where attendees gave the salute and criticized Asked about his antagonism with the news media and his vow to toughen libel Trump offered no specifics but told the think be Despite his frequent attacks against what he has dubbed the New Trump seemed to go out of his way to praise the which he called great world He say he believed The Times had been too tough on him during the campaign. Pressed to respond to criticism in other he was defiant. He declared that totally on my when it comes to questions about conflict of interest and ethics laws. president have a conflict of he said. He said it would be extremely difficult to sell off his businesses because they are real estate holdings. He said that he would to do and create some kind of arrangement to separate his businesses from his work in government. He noted that he had turned over the management of his businesses to his which ethics lawyers say is not sufficient to prevent conflicts of interest. He insisted that he could still invite business partners into the White House for photographs. He said that critics were pressuring him to go beyond what he was willing to including distancing himself from his children while they run his businesses. it were up to some he would ever see my daughter Trump did not dispute reports that he had used a meeting last week with the Independence Party to raise his opposition to offshore wind farms. Trump has long complained that wind farms would mar the view from his golf course in might have brought it Trump then argued he had done so because of policy concerns about wind farms rather than any personal interest. Trump rejected the idea that he was bound by federal laws from installing his in a White House job. But he said he would want to avoid the appearance of a conflict and might instead seek to make a special envoy charged with brokering peace in the Middle East. president of the United States is allowed to have whatever conflicts he or she but I want to do Trump said. But he said that who is an observant be very in reconciling the longstanding dispute between the and the would love to be able to be the one that made peace with and the Trump adding that be very good at and that knows the lot of people tell really great people tell that impossible you do Trump added. disagree. I think you can make have reason to believe I can do he added. Trump spoke only in general terms about foreign policy. He said the United States should not a nation repeated his line from the campaign that fighting the war in was of the great mistakes in the history of our and said he has some and about how to deal with the violent civil war raging in He declined to say what those ideas are despite several requests to do so. have to end that craziness going on in he said. The said that he had talked with President V. of since winning the but he did not elaborate. He said it would be if he and could get but he rejected the idea that any warming of relations would be called a noting the criticism that received after her attempts at bettering relations between the countries failed. use that term after what Trump said. Trump made a forceful defense of whom he named as his chief strategist and who has drawn charges of racism and This called the website he platform for the a white nationalist movement. Trump said had been dismayed at the reaction to his hiring. known a long time. If I thought he was a racist or he even think about hiring Trump think having a hard time with it because not him. I think been treated very He also defended which has carried racist and saying it was no different from The only more Trump said he hoped to develop a with President with whom he said he had an unexpected rapport. really liked him a and I am a little bit surprised that I am telling you that I really liked him a he said. And Trump gloated about defying the polls and the expectations of his own party to win the and boasted of how he had taken his revenge on Republicans who kept him at a distance and then lost their own races. He said that one of Senator of New would to have a job in the thank Trump said of Ms. who lost her Senate seat to Gov. of New refused to vote for He also criticized Representative Heck of who vacillated over supporting Trump after an recording surfaced in which Trump bragged in lewd terms about grabbing women without their consent. went down like a lead Trump said of Heck. the I hope you He said Republican leaders felt indebted to him for his surprise victory. Trump in love with
Twice a week we publish problems that will feature in a forthcoming Dear advice column in the Guardian so that readers can offer their own advice and suggestions. We then print the best of your comments alongside own insights. Here are two similar dilemmas what are your something of an agony I am seeking your advice on how to become an agony aunt. All my life I have helped others with their problems and tried hard to find out how I can do this publicly. I have started my own and Twitter but have been unsuccessful so tips or advice you could offer me would be gratefully you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply 
Charities in have said that more than 1,000 children remain in shipping containers in the demolished with inadequate food and water supplies and no information provided about their the peer who introduced legislation committing the to taking some of the more vulnerable child said the handling of the situation was morally the refugee camp in pictures Read said the uncertainty was very distressing for the young who had been given temporary accommodation in the container area of the site. have no idea what is happening to them and volunteers equally know what to say and themselves are not allowed into the said a of few adults seem to be inside the container camp to be responsible for this vast number of minors. The children are incredibly stressed and estimated that there were about 30 unaccompanied female mostly under the youngest of whom is understood to be 12. Twitter Where The last days of the refugee emailed summary of the situation from Refugee Community Kitchen the charity providing food for the children are no official or charities or government bodies there. Only a big police and security presence. Tonight our teams finished at another day trying to serve food and answer questions that we simply do not know the answers Volunteers faced questions such are the buses coming to take us to do I get phone credit to call my you got need a can I talk to about my family in In an open letter to the signed by leading rabbis and Lord Dubs was brought to the as a child refugee in 1938 on a described the scenes of chaos that have accompanied the camp closure. such as Citizens Save the Children and Help report that as many as 50 unaccompanied children who had been unable to register their claims with camp authorities in the rush of the being driven off into the cold night as the he the argument that a display of toughness was necessary to deter more young refugees from traveling to in the hope of getting to the argument that such a tough approach was needed to prevent a pull factor is morally unacceptable. One does not leave a child playing in the road to deter other children from similar letter called on the government to restart the suspended process of transferring unaccompanied children to the Lord Dubs echoed earlier calls made by the for to accept all of the remaining minors in the camp. is less than of the total population of the less than that of a medium sized secondary school ... Will the home secretary restart the rescue and see every one of these minors the letter May declined to make any further commitments on the number of child refugees was planning to after receiving a call from urging to consider its So far this month the has taken about 274 child 
if he solves all his cases in 90 minutes or has detective Lieutenant never been Post your answers and new questions below or email them to Please include address and phone and
In the to the presidential New City was hardly Trump territory. And every time put another display of Trump campaign signs up on the lawn of his sizable white house on Road in last they were stolen or knocked actions that would later set off a series of events as unpredictable as the election itself. Infuriated by the as well as an obscenity about J. Trump that had been on the public mailbox in front of his installed a security camera. It captured a grainy image of a 59 and a real estate then printed fliers bearing the image and a reward offer for information leading to the arrest of the sign thief. He hired some local teenagers to post the signs around the neighborhood with tape. When the tape ran he the teenagers used a stapler to post the fliers to trees on the streets. The hubbub made the and the stapling method was mentioned. In the weeks that a team of enforcement officers from the parks department arrived at he and issued him 22 summonses with fines totaling and citing unauthorized posting and tree to 11 trees. To his real transgression was supporting a which he claims annoyed Democratic city officials. call it said who calls himself a a proud gun owner and a fan of and John A supporter of Democratic would never have been cited in this he and said that official parks department signs are often affixed to trees with similar staples. in New City like he said. wanted to teach me a lesson about being and about who I believe in. So they found something to hang their hat said he paid the summonses because want the of fighting nor the expense of hiring a lawyer. Instead of backing he splurged on a larger Trump banner to hang in front of his and he called the prominent civil rights lawyer to see if he had any grounds to sue the city for damages claiming political bias. In an said that he thought the summons was wild by the but that a suit by claiming enforcement based on his Trump leanings would be difficult case to A parks department spokesman dismissed the claim that the summonses were political and called them a routine penalty for damage to the trees. fine had nothing to do with the content of the signs posted and everything to do with the fact that staples can damage and even kill the said in a statement. He added that the fine was determined by the administrative court and based on the amount of damage or the cost but rather on the rule The order to cite set off something of a parallel episode within the parks department. An enforcement supervisor ordered a sergeant to write the 22 tickets. But the arguing that it was improper to write summonses weeks after the signs had been with no witnesses to the violations. were bogus said Sergeant a veteran with 29 years on the job. might as well hit every dog owner who puts up a He said he also consulted a superior he told out of it too A rookie officer wound up writing the said Sergeant who has had previous with the agency as an outspoken member of his Local 983 of 37. The characterized department officials as using the officers as for their political in this case. Sergeant said he was included in an email conversation about possibly forcing to pay in damage for the staple a proposition that an agency lawyer replied to in the email chain. As for victory is a bit of revenge. Last he bought and hung a larger banner. Told You the banner reads. Trump Trump
After disclosures of an doping program in sports officials have been retesting urine samples from the 2008 and 2012 Summer in and Their findings have resulted in a rewriting of history. More than 75 athletes from those two have been upon further to be guilty of doping violations. A majority are from and other Eastern countries. At least 40 of them won medals. Disciplinary proceedings are continuing against other and the numbers are expected to climb. Anyone looking at the record books for the and Games might think them an illusion. Medals are being stripped from dozens of athletes and redistributed to those who were deprived a spot on the podium. numbers are just said an executive board member of the International Committee. lose credibility. Credibility is a major The results of the retests are coming at a time of intense international scrutiny on athletes. The longtime lab chief in May described an elaborate doping program and cheating and nearly a third of team was barred from the Summer Games in The committee announced penalties for 16 athletes last week and another 12 on Suddenly and unceremoniously some undecorated are inheriting medals for their performances eight years ago. Even some finishers are discovering that they are bronze medalists. completely rewrote my said an high jumper who participated in four Summer Games but had never won a medal. Sitting at home last Ms. received a curious message from a athlete against whom she competed in bronze it read. After three women who finished ahead of Ms. were disqualified for doping and of and Vita of she moved up to third newly successful in a jump she took when her daughter was an infant. kept doing the said Ms. who originally finished sixth. 4. Oh my gosh right. I started Accompanying the joy of her belated she was an awareness of the opportunity costs she suffered. In her husband was laid off. The house in was foreclosed on that something Ms. said would not have happened had she distinguished herself in was really young and promising at that and sponsors were interested in said Ms. now 32. lot of interest goes away when you get on that the hurdler and chairman of the board of the United States said it was difficult to measure the of winning and of having medals ripped know how you recover those he said. The committee generally coordinates with the federations that govern each along with the national committees of the affected to collect medals from penalized athletes and redistribute them. Of the athletes so far implicated in the a vast majority competed in track and field events and weight lifting. It is standard practice for officials to store urine samples for up to a decade so they may conduct additional tests if they obtain new information. While the first wave of retests began last the longtime director of laboratory told The New Times in May about a cocktail of banned substances that he used to improve the performance of scores of athletes over the past several years. of the World who has been collaborating with the committee on the confirmed that officials had been informed by disclosures regarding specific drugs athletes used. when you look at the they correlate with the intelligence about said. Nearly all of the across were for the anabolic steroids or the very substances that notoriously fueled East to global dominance in the and A rash of violations have also recently cropped up in major and minor league baseball in the United States. good drugs work very well for said. a reason still The drugs were not detected by the lab years during the because the science at the time was not sensitive enough to detect such small residual according to medical and scientific director of the New testing methods have increased the period of time during which drugs can be detected in the body. progresses every said. over the past probably five the sensitivity of the equipment progressed by a factor of about 100. You see what was impossible to see Rarely are doping violations found during the Games. At the the lab found only eight possible a fraction of the dozens more exposed this year. sad to Ms. a lot of times when you go to these Just get close enough to top three because you never know going to test As the retests the standings of the past Winter Games may be too. Officials have focused on samples from past Summer Games this seeking to ensure they caught possible cheaters who were eligible to compete in in August. Ahead of the 2018 Winter Games in South the is expected to turn its attention to samples from the 2010 Games in Officials have already scrutinized some 500 samples from the 2006 Winter Games in but the has not provided details on how many violations were discovered. cannot and will not issue further comments with regard to this nor will it answer at this point in a spokeswoman wrote by email on regarding the tests from the Games. As fallout from the doping scandal medals from the 2014 are also likely to be called into particularly after the World Agency publishes the results of an investigation into athletes who doped in and had their violations concealed by a operation. That group includes at least 15 the former chief told The Times. Such a sizable number of violations by one delegation at a single could prompt sports officials to consider penalties ahead of the next Games. say that justice is being served is very said chairman of the Association of Summer International Federations and former president of the International Tennis Federation. on a path the Swiss executive who also oversees the sport of had a more pragmatic perspective. need to stop pretending sport is he said. a noble but in entertainment.
My sweet childhood from to the a young my mother did not want to marry or be a but she went on to have six children and also an amazing which brought her to England. had to leave what is now because of and was packed off to live with grandparents in her mother had died and her father to to do his bar exams. Unable to return to because of the political my grandfather ended up in with an uncle. Eventually my mother was sent for. She went leaving behind an fun life in spoiled by home help and a a marriage was arranged for her to a handsome after serving in the had settled in as a civil servant. Her reluctance to marry soon as she embraced being a my parents made the monumental decision to leave My father was keen to create a distance between him and my very successful but overpowering family more he believed life for would become difficult after independence. My with my eldest were the advance party who headed to Their mission was to call us if they thought England had the opportunities my parents wanted for their months we got the green light from my father and almost overnight locked up our spacious house in gave the keys to my aunts and flew away into the my father at with the biggest bars of chocolate is a sight I can still recall with clarity and warmth. For the journey from to was an adventure despite the skies and smoking What a stark contrast to the sun and familiarity we had left behind. My father had not managed to get a job but was working hard in a dusty foundry. My mother got on with the job of making our very small terrace feel like home and in making sure we were performing at the we were the only family in school and in our Mother never openly complained she was just glad to have all her family together. With six growing children and money tight got a factory job at where she was one of the first women to work on the shop floor. Childhood was in many ways. Our house was always full of children from all either hoping to get a broken up chocolate biscuit or a and I was happier eating baked beans and How I recorded Top of the and more Me by Twitter Watch the video for Rock Me my was Top of the Pops. Every I could be found glued to the waiting to hear if my song had made it to No 1. Mum and Dad used to moan and groan about the coming from the but they always let me watch was 14 that year and had recently got into athletics. A friend suggested we join the local athletics club but there was one snag the main training day was a the same time as Top of the Pops. This was before most households had a video recorder. So I have the option of recording the loved this song. It was so so powerful and catchy. I had to know if it was still No 1. And I knew just the thing to had a tape recorder. It particularly but it served the purpose for which it had been bought for my friend and I to sing into would probably be a fairer I told Dad what I planned to do. need to have the on so it picked up the sound. He muttered that it I The tape recorder very good at picking things so I positioned it as close to the as I went to athletics and back I came eager to listen to Tops of the Pops. When I pressed you could tell I accounted for all the background which were somehow much louder than the Dad ruffling the paper the whole way coughing and belching and other such Mum starting a conversation about the mess Dad made when he ate his biscuits in the lounge and of forgotten that we had the loudest clock in the world and so there was its incessant after all was still No it Usurped by Spitting Image and The Chicken Song. I the recording of Top of the Pops No. Neither did the love to when Mum was slices of bread in a shallow plate for each person. Heat the as much as you and pour over. Sprinkle with sugar. Eat with a spoon. is a recipe of my wonderful We only ate it and we actually love it at all. In the early we were living on in the Mum had gone off to the mainland for a few leaving Dad with my sister and me. Teatime approached having been running about outside all we started hanging around the kitchen looking for clues as to what Dad would make for tea neither of us could remember him ever making a meal before so we were curious as to what would appear. Twitter Saps good when too. Stock the worktop were sliced white a bottle of milk and the wooden sugar bowl. Dad was heating milk in the wee saucepan with the blue and layering slices of bread in shallow plates. for Came the Hot milk was poured over the sugar sprinkled on spoons given out and teatime commenced. The bread was the milk formed a skin and even the gritty sugar help. We were and that was what there cheap and was a childhood food for my who was one of a large family. He is from a generation of men who never expected to cook for although he did learn later. The next night it was probably the classic tinned made us mince and Having been brought up on a Dad shot much of our food and Mum cooked game such as pigeon and woodcock. Apparently once when roast beef was served I asked for a leg. We lived on an island but buy fish except fish fingers from the got the last laugh. Imagine my amazement recently to find the same recipe in book billed as wonderful comfort food. Dad was ahead of the curve love to hear your will pay for every Letter Snapshot or We Love to Eat we publish. Write to Family The Kings 90 or email Please include your address and phone and 
They were a if slightly group last evening at a store on Street that sells ethical fashion made by indigenous people one man and seven women gathered around a garment rack and cinched to its uprights with lengths of wool. They wore back strap which look sort of like and they were being led in a workshop by a master weaver and textile designer. she has long been used as occupational therapy. Its rhythms are meditative and and the tradition of a weaving circle foments community and creativity. opens up a safe space to talk about our anxiety and what she said. And there was wine. and both corporate had left work early to attend. seemed like a fitting thing to do Ms. said. expectation yesterday at work was that we were just supposed to keep and it was hard because I was so When what may have been the most bitter presidential election certainly it seemed like the longest finally ended last week with a it just educational institutions that responded as if to a national trauma. While high schools and elementary schools offered healing counseling and safe spaces to their groups threw open their too. So did yoga arts organizations and meditation centers. As the week even the New City typically not the most salubrious became a place of succor as a set up shop as the Subway Therapist. There was free acupuncture on 9 at a community clinic on West 23rd Street. and clinical saw a steady stream of patients whom she treated mostly with a she that had been developed for soldiers with stress disorders. ended up seeing about 20 she said. we varied the treatment depending on what they were presenting with. Some were some were some were just totally despondent and sobbing. It ran the gamut. We did this a few months ago after the it was a really lovely way to build is on the same block in where a bomb exploded in injuring 31 Before the a clinical associate biology professor at had organized a yoga and smoothie event for his students at a yoga studio in But after hearing their fears about J. who had threatened or insulted women and the Professor recast the afternoon class as a bolstering interlude. One student had a cousin who was worried about being others in the community felt betrayed by parents who said they supported them and also voted for Trump. Many worried about how to talk to family members and friends at home over Thanksgiving. feel beaten he women and minorities. My who is in middle was very upset. been advocating the yoga class as an event to regain composure and gather strength. We need to continue this kind of group It trauma that sent Joy into Presbyterian Church on West 73rd Street on the evening of it was she said. I was feeling angry because I believe so many people would endorse principles that were so completely contrary to what I thought we had some sort of agreement an agreement about how we treat each she said. Describing herself as an irregular church Ms. said that nonetheless she a quiet place to sit and am I going to do to wake up tomorrow and not feel this What action can I The church had opened its doors for prayer and contemplation in the aftermath of the said the Rev. the church in response to his many of whom he said were phoning him in tears. are sponsoring a and they were really he said. wanted to offer a safe space to be partly to grieve but also to recommit to our values and look That the Auburn a leadership held an event in Square Park called for the The organizers had expected 60 but 300 or so showed up to sing Over Troubled Shall and other restorative hymns. who is a faith planned it a week before the because we knew people were going to be experiencing a lot of intense emotion because of the nature of the He was by the noting that his group was joined by the community. is hitting people in different ways depending on what race you are and what identity you he added. a feeling particularly scared of the supporters of but we have to stand up for the people going to come for like the immigrant population. How do you create a healing space that allows us to move on but also to fight for our On a lighter was flooded with puppy videos as an antidote to all the rancor. The Post posted clips of Bob Joy of the anesthetizing as a soothing balm. On Wait Tell weekly news quiz the writers substituted a quiz on rainbows and kittens for the My segment. thought everybody could use a little adorable said Peter the host. Distraction was on the mind of the director of horticulture at the High who took to Twitter the day after the election to offer the park as a healing space. So did the directors of the Botanic Garden in an email to its members. Over the Gathering a group connected with Prospect led nature walks there as a nature connection for sanity and you need respite or solace or please come and walk or sit Ms. Pettis tweeted last week. She said what I needed to do. To just be in out on the western rail a place in New City that I love so much. so important for people to have access to these healing and I wanted to remind people that the High Line is there for them. We got some really warm feedback on social People did the best they with the resources they had. The Cat on the Lower East Side offered guided meditation with cats. The Herb a source for affordable herbal medicine and education in said an handed out free which are like smudge sticks but made from trees that grow in the was something people could take home and metaphorically and literally light a fire and cleanse a path towards healing from the ground he adding that 50 people had already done so. a trend forecaster who is also the dean of hybrid design studies at opened her West Village townhouse for tea and conversation on 9. had appointments that and our clients were really shaken on all she said. we felt it was appropriate to send out a message of love and compassion and to be with She offered tea and a roaring and she said many took her up on the offer. was very she said. had nice tea. And my fantastic butcher ran out of roast chickens before 5 That same who goes by the name Levee and has been performing as the Subway Therapist for the last six setting out two chairs and a card table and letting people tried something different. thought make it more he said. figured people had a lot of things to get off their So bought pens and some and parked himself in a subway tunnel between Seventh Avenue and Avenue of the inviting to share their thoughts. Within the wall had become an enormous message board clocking the emotions of New Yorkers expressed in thousands of squares. He sent a friend out to buy more Another friend brought more. By the end of the there were 2,000 notes on the wall. a director of educational wept for my I wept for my two yellow read. Supporters Are a green one read. A young woman in tears said to you for doing In the crowd that night was a student at College on Island who works as a waitress. She wore a cardboard sign around her neck that you need a just Underneath was a strip of black tape that Trumps At school that she had been wearing it over her mouth. made one of my professors she hugged 17 people on the Island Ferry and at school. gotten a lot more smiles. I think people are afraid to touch surveyed the crush in the tunnel. have a passion for he said. this has turned into something more than I was still at it evening. And there have been copycat operations in other parts of the as well as in and Reporters from local and international television news programs have gone to the tunnel. That over 12,000 stretched from one end of the tunnel to the presenting a formidable task for He has been carefully removing each note each night when he goes home in he to not impose upon the crews who might have to clean up after but also to refresh the message and keep it alive with new thoughts. day expresses a more hopeful and inclusive he said the next still groggy from a late night in the subway. been a stressful couple of days. But I think things are going to be
has taken over from at the top of the rankings. Who was the last to be world Courier who won his only grand slam at the 2003 US was world for 13 weeks. scored his 26th goal in the Premier League on against making him the second most prolific to have played in the top flight. Which of his countrymen has scored more goals in the Premier What a player. After 111 years and 28 have finally beaten New in a game of rugby union. Which of these teams is yet to beat the All England Wales The All Blacks have won 28 and drawn two of their 30 matches against Who scored for England in a 9-3 win over and then went on to manage the national Bobby won 20 caps for England and was their manager for 95 games. has banned England and players from wearing poppies during their match at What does former international footballer Mills think the players should do to circumvent Wear emblazoned with poppies below their shirts and then lift up their kits when they score to reveal the symbol Get temporary tattoos of poppies on the backs of their hands and hold them over their hearts when the national anthems are played cannot stop said Mills. no different than having a normal Have poppies stitched into their boots Dye their hair red for the night Which of the following athletes did not endorse Trump for John made his position clear before the election without mentioning basketball has taught me that no one achieves greatness alone and it takes everyone working together to create real change. When I look at this presidential clear which candidate believes the same thing. Only one person running truly understands the struggles of an child born into poverty. And when I think about the kinds of policies and ideas the kids in my foundation need from our the choice is clear. That candidate is Mike Who responded to the election result by saying he could not give a Nick whole thing is just weird to me. Whoever I think anything is going to change. The public are just brainwashed that something is going to happen with this one. I think either of those two contenders have any power in Tiger Woods Which athlete opened up about rebellion and money after visiting to say the least. I love that. electrifying in everything he does. I wish I could be that I really but signed to all these brands that have an idealistic image they wish to be connected so I need to be Lewis is paid a year by not including the money he makes from his various sponsors. John Terry is about to complete his 19th year at which makes him the player at a Premier League club by a distance. Which goalkeeper is the second player in the after 12 years and four months at the same has been at Crystal Palace since 2004. Hart Foster Who expressed fear about his new career am bricking myself. I am so nervous and scared of everything. This whole thing is so different for me. I have never really put myself out there publicly before. Of course my friends will take the mickey and I will be getting ripped if I Bridge The former and England is off to the jungle for show a Celebrity Get Me Out of Here. Joey You your friends Share on Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on Share on Share on Share on Share on Messenger Close Submit quiz of the 
On a night in some 400 people were into the darkened corporate ballroom of the Double Tree hotel near the listening to the sounds of heavy drumming. The hotel was flooded with about 2,000 as it is one weekend a and nearly a quarter of them from teenagers to septuagenarians were immersed in a ceremony led by a rising pagan priestess. They had been with ceremonial daggers and to form a consecrated circle. Under dimmed there had been chanting as the witches to welcome their deity into the carpeted ritual was a devotional to the the heavyweight goddess of prophecy and In the center of the surrounded by her ritual stood with all eyes on her. Dressed in in a leather corset and a long skirt slit up each she wore her hair in heavy braids that hung to her waist. She stalked the flapping the vulture wings strapped to her arms and staring into the crowd. Her slender body doubled as if suddenly and began bobbing up and down as if something was bubbling up inside her. Woman convicted of witchcraft to get retrial 300 years on Read sight of a for those never witnessed was impressive. After what felt like a long she raised her head up and in a growling voice not her announced that she was The roomful of witches circled tightening around and a fellow priestess lifted a heavy sword above our she directed us to take a vow. only if one you can keep. take it As the goddess she was continued breathing hundreds of people crowded taking turns to raise their hand up and touch the tip of the blade. I was one of them. Twitter A still from Mystic. all started three years when I set out to make a documentary about a handful of fringe religious communities around the country. The idea stemmed from a longtime fascination with how and why people rally around belief and the ceremonies that hold those systems in place. It was also more personal than that. I was born and raised in New but my roots are more between my Catholic mother and my Orthodox family religion involved the most strains of The elaborate clerical the incense and tiers of prayer the stories of the martyrs cut into stained the barely decipherable chants as a these were embedded in my brain. To this despite my liberal feminist I still imagine the world as overseen by a bearded young white man. Once I was old enough to think for I broke with the church on issues of the right to choose and the concept of I also swallow the thin reasoning behind excluding women from the Catholic and Eastern Orthodox priesthoods. At the same I was haunted by the memory of high the sense that there are mysteries in the universe. When I learned that there was a growing witchcraft movement one that is radically that views women as equals to and in which God is just as likely to be female I was instantly curious. During the six years of immersion that I made a documentary about modern and eventually dove even deeper to write a Witches of In the I would come to understand a lot more about the witchcraft movement. Since the the movement what most people are referring to when they talk about witchcraft today has grown into a new religious movement. In this country a responsible estimate places the number of witches called pagan priests and at about one million comparable to those of Adventists and Witnesses. In the it may have been tempting to dismiss this community as crystal collectors or In the dozens of esoteric but related traditions share a spiritual they are worship nature and hold that female and male forces have equal weight in the universe. Pagans believe that the divine can be found all around us and that we can communicate regularly with the dead and the gods without a They believe in heaven or many subscribe to some version of or a next world called the Nor is there a concept of but an idea of do what you as long as you harm others. Pagan however alien on the contain elements that are rituals and holidays to mark the seasons and the life personal prayer this and offerings to the Major pagan holidays have already bled into popular the fertility is known as May the time of communion with the as perhaps the most from the perspective of are still recognizable to and followers of diaspora religions as in devotional to the At the same some typical pagan practices are in line at least on the surface with what has taught us about witches do gather in a circle when performing often at out in they do sometimes in ancient they use wands and consecrated daggers and swords and chalices. In casting the I traveled the country for from to to the Bay Area. There are practicing pagans in every in cities and suburbs and small ranging from schoolteachers to tech entrepreneurs to the cashier at your local Whole Foods. On one of these dizzying I met at the she worked a day job for a federal environmental driving around in her truck to inspect County ranches in khakis and a But she had another she and her then husband oversaw what they called Stone one of the only major pagan sanctuaries in the Bay Area. an drive off the stood 100 acres of land completely dedicated to witchcraft. High up on a plateau shielded by they built a circle of enormous vertical huge slabs buried in the ground to rise six feet tall their very own henge. Ceremonies inside the attended over the years by hundreds of had involved daggers and cloaks and and academics and carpenters and nuclear physicists chanting to the moon or perhaps speaking in invoking some god or goddess when it became too late to drive the gathered around a drank and wandered off to their tents. I saw that henge for the first time after dinner with and her husband in their up the in the there it was. An extraordinary sight. Over the course of several my tiny crew and I stayed at Stone City many times for or or just to get a sense of the rhythm of their intensely untraditional lives and my relationship with began to feel more like a friendship. She could be intimidating to witness in but in her everyday maybe frying an egg in the kitchen or running an errand for her teenage she was quick to wholly unpretentious. By we were the same age recently turned and she was easy to talk perfectly comfortable with my own skepticism and my probing questions. had found her religion as a child of west coast she grew up surrounded by with a mother intrigued by eastern mysticism. But male and find the in many ways during a collegiate rebellion against an evangelical as a teenager who happened to wander into his local occult as a devout Catholic woman frustrated by the limitations of her church are plenty of Baptists and in the pagan And I think was aware of how personal my own interest in witchcraft was becoming. Twitter A still from filming was that was just what I knew I had to my own curiosity. I returned to this time with a new I had a book to write. Witches of was first intended as a snapshot of the pagan movement today but it quickly a memoir of my own spiritual seeking. Throughout my most of my friends have been fashionable atheists of the creative but it was becoming clearer to me that this does not exempt anyone from the very human need for meaning. As someone with a strong but without a practice to relate long been envious of people whose lives are structured around a clear system of belief. It seems like a tremendous to be able to wake up everyday with a shared sense of purpose versus the existential pain of living without something to believe a religious tradition to guide and ground you. Within months of starting my I made a I would study the Craft myself. Many witches practice on their as but many also regularly practice magic with a or They whether out in nature or in each for the annual holidays and perhaps once a month to the position of the or when a specific spell is needed maybe to heal or help a member of the coven or their family. For recommended a priestess in of the same specific witchcraft tradition in which she had trained a particularly intense and ecstatic branch of the Craft known as Understanding that most students of train for about five years before being initiated they last that I began studying with my teacher from New through phone calls and long emails. the era of this that I knew in person with the coven when we gathered in a few coming together from many parts of the country for the time of year when they say the boundary between this world and the next is thinnest. I moved to New and as I continued my I also began working with an occult an international group to which the legendary magician once belonged. The crew there was unusually young and and they held their ceremonies in a former church recently converted into an ornate temple. My life was becoming populated by who believe in the practice of magic. Taking part in the occult mass in that grand room made me feel its intricate chalices and and thick incense reminded me of the Eastern Orthodox mass that inspired it an of the sacrament by those who believe in sin. When the next I was finally able to circle with the coven of all a castle in New for three days and about 30 of us took part in rituals to commune with the dead. During one of those deep into a ceremony that lasted over three I came very I to an ancestor never met before. I thought we had an somewhere in that dark across who knows how many but I knew I would never have proof of it. Twitter A still from the pagan the reaction to Witches of has been deeply divided. I have been called a lot of names threatened with and more. last you imagine if chosen to write about I could say a lot about but keep it simple here and state what should have been obvious to me all examining any form of any religious no matter how is fraught and intensely sensitive. I should have known that there would be many pagans who wanted to see another version of their practice who were unhappy to have witchcraft depicted by a novice and occasional or when confronted with a book about the Craft written for the realized they interested in being understood by the folks after all. At the same I also received many from readers of a range of beliefs atheists who were excited to see contemporary witchcraft practice depicted for a larger audience. heard from new generation hipster witches from gay men raised in evangelical households been searching for a more form of spirituality. New oldest witchcraft store still casting its spell after 34 years Read the majority of notes gotten have been from readers attracted to what I call the of that combination of spiritual longing and openly expressed. Many found relief in seeing that very human amalgam of curiosity and confusion mapped out on the page. In I remember one young bookstore manager who approached me quietly after a reading to share that spent eight years in a Catholic seminary before losing his faith and dropping this book about had allowed him to travel back to that time and to think about what might still be missing from his life. I guess not we like to imagine ourselves a country founded on clarity of vision and faith originally the of course. Throughout our it been considered very to struggle to anticipate but never receive a clear calling. The tale of is easily one of the most popular forms of memoir in and that can be deeply alienating to those of us who live in a constant state of uncertain if we will ever find a label for the system that helps us get by. When asked today for a simple description of what I believe I do not have an easier answer than when I set out. I still claim a spiritual category into which I fit a community that makes me and I may never find one. But during my time within the pagan community I learned the search for meaning is personal so it may be indecipherable to others. It can lead you far away from the and from familiar truths. But each of us has the right to traverse that 
How can I restart my career and avoid discrimination now I am using a became disabled nearly five years losing the use of my hands gradually over 12 with my general mobility becoming more impaired. now transitioning into a wheelchair. Prior to this been employed for seven years in middle management with the same and was generally doing well in my career of 15 years. I had never had any issues or performance concerns and was considered a high was made redundant 14 months after becoming but with a good package I accepted this and moved on. I interview well and had a good I was offered a new job quite but when I declared my disability the role disappeared. I decided after that to not declare my disabilities until I had my foot in the so to speak. I did just declaring my disability on day one of a new job and was made 11 months later. Evidence of discrimination was gathered and I was offered a payout. Cue the next same same outcome. Now 13 months into job four and in the same position. I know the signs and am before what I believe to be the inevitable know that the law is on my side regarding but taking a complaint route is distressing and and hate to go through it again. I want to be in a position where I have to keep on can I get off this Now that I am a wheelchair user at least I have the dilemma of whether or not to declare my disability. I think my support needs are lightweight equipment dictation software and premises. Above I need a manager who will support but how can I assess that in the job interview do I need to do differently to not just get a job but keep I know how to get my career back on very glad you no longer have to make that difficult decision as to whether or not to declare your disability on first contact. pretty sure in most preferable for it to be known from the but now at least that decision is made for am slightly surprised you mention any that exist specifically to support people in your situation. identified several that would seem promising. You of have approached them but found they led nowhere but if you I strongly recommend that you conduct an search and follow up on those sites that seem to suit you in matchmaking employees with employers who are actively seeking to take on disabled people. What this of is that not in unspoken competition with so no question of discrimination coming into however unconscious. As I have no direct knowledge of any of these afraid I advise you or make specific but do please look into them your letter struck by how little you have to say about your own particular strengths and experience. I suspect that you entirely have become so preoccupied with what you need that neglected to make the case for what you can offer. In your 20 work you must have acquired knowledge and specific skills that would be of particular value to potential employers. These can prove more attractive to recruiters even if only a minority than more general say Apply for a role at a disability charity or a disabled They are used to making adjustments and not be judged. But understand if feel a little As a disabled it took me a long time to find an and a role where I felt comfortable and but out there. Ask lots of questions at interview about the provisions make. The attitude they take should give you a good idea as to what be like as an employer. Apply for civil service jobs. All government departments have a robust policy that starts at the application with the guaranteed interview principle for candidates who pass the agreed competency standard. is driving me crazy the only fly in the ointment of my dream am blessed in that I have landed my dream job. After costly and exhausting hundreds of hours of voluntary dozens of applications and and a lot of determination and I have a satisfying and challenging job in the charity sector that pays well and in which I feel problem is the commute. On good days the drive is 1 hour 20 minutes each on bad days more than two hours and it is becoming exhausting. Public transport really an option due to remote find that my evenings are lost in a haze of and I fear know I am becoming unpleasant to be around. I used to have hobbies creative but these are no longer viable. Weekends are invaluable but I am tired a lot of the there anything I can do to alleviate or do I suck it I want to appear ungrateful. Working from home really an option as I manage volunteers and need to have an office presence. I have considered staying in an during the week but I would be sad not to see my family every yourself for four hours a and now much of it in the is not only exhausting but also potentially dangerous. How about splitting your For spending and nights near your place of work and going home the other evenings. At the cost of two evenings away you would reduce your double commute from five days to just the one with the weekend to imagine your sympathetic employer would be anxious to help so if you could also negotiate the occasional working from eliminate the double commute and have an uninterrupted three days at say I would find a cheapish for two nights a week. Many smaller places would be glad of the regular and after a short time you tend to become a friend and be treated better than more casual customers. Faced with a similar I moved. I have walked or cycled to work for the past 35 years and been doing a job I enjoy and which stressful. Work to live to work. A motorbike cut my commuting time by well over and had the advantage of making me arrive in work with a smile on my face. Please get a motorbike. I know how many motorcyclists have been killed on my local stretch of motorway during rush which is but with lethal a couple of nights. you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply at 
lead in the popular vote is growing. She is roughly 30,000 votes behind J. Trump in the key swing states of and a combined gap that is narrowing. Her impassioned supporters are now urging her to challenge the results in those two states and grasping at the last straws to reverse decisive majority in the Electoral College. In recent they have seized on a report by a respected computer scientist and other experts suggesting that and the keys to Electoral College need to manually review paper ballots to assure the election was not hacked. this deviations from polls the results of a J. a computer science professor at the University of who has studied the vulnerabilities of election systems at wrote on Medium on as the calls based on his conclusions mounted. More he polls were But the only way to resolve the lingering questions would be to examine ballots and voting equipment in critical he wrote. the pleas for recounts have gained no support from the which has along with outside that it is highly unlikely the outcome would change even after an expensive and review of ballots. But that has not quieted who see the inequity of her growing lead in the national popular which is now more than two million or 1.5 percent of all ballots according to the nonpartisan Cook Political which regularly updates its count as states continue to tally and to certify votes. Since there is currently no effort to review the paper ballots which exist in and but only in parts of conspiracy theories about the 2016 election may live on for years. After United States intelligence agencies accused of trying to influence the election by stealing and publishing emails from the Democratic National Committee and a range of other institutions and prominent the United States went on high alert to determine if there was any attempt to sabotage the vote count. So no one in the administration has indicated that there is any such evidence. In the three battleground is behind by 1.2 percent or and the final results have not yet been certified. Uniting around the social media the has picked up momentum among activists still mourning victory and who his complaint that the vote was on the information of the intelligence community that was actively trying to screw around with our I thought why not take the time and question said an engineer in who on planned to petition her county election board for a recount of the 8 vote. That view spread quickly on social media on evening when New magazine published an article about Professor and others who had contacted the remnants of the campaign. It also generated by experts who said that even though it was theoretically possible to hack voting it would be enormously difficult because it would have to be highly targeted in key precincts and conducted on a scale required to assure victory. conspiracy theories of vote are of the Cook Political Report said on Twitter. Time may have already run out. allows individual voters to petition for a but the deadline was said a spokeswoman for the Department of State. A candidate can also contest an election in and the deadline is and have not reached their deadlines for seeking a but they will in days. So has not requested any said a spokesman for the Elections Commission. Until the publication of Professor supporters had few reasons to hope. He did not offer them He noted that while the voting machines used in those states are not connected to the during the they are programmed before the election. The data is usually transferred on a stick or other data card. attackers can modify that software by infecting the machines with they can cause the machines to give any answer Professor wrote. The as a security expert who has written often on the noted in an is that the usual triggers for a recount a very close margin between two candidates make little sense in a world of computer hackings. A truly sophisticated hacking would result in a wider margin of victory that would not set off an automatic recount. would have to triumph in all three states to win the Electoral College. The electors will meet in to formally choose the president. And Trump is ahead by 290 votes to with still officially uncalled. As of lead in had shrunk to 10,704 or 0.2 according to the National Popular Vote Tracker maintained by the Cook Political Report. lead in has narrowed to 22,525 or 0.8 percent. In his lead slightly grew on to or 1.2 percent. The campaign did not respond to requests for comment. Other Democrats said it was time to move on. not sure possible to undo the and all the people are focusing their energy on opposing the worst ideas of this administration at this not the legitimacy of the said an organizer for Keystone a liberal group in Those pushing for a recount say they are trying to pick up the fight for a tired and demoralized candidate and her staff. Democratic Party and the campaign are and really and they may not have the said Ms. who briefly volunteered for the campaign. On social supporters pleaded with the campaign to act. call for wrote on appealing to and her running Senator of are all working so hard for make the the nation is depending on By poring over local election results the Audit the Vote crowd uncovered what appeared to be anomalies in the counting. of National for noticed that reported that 31,838 ballots were cast but the total votes for presidential candidates numbered 34,323. Such glitches are not election experts said. They are usually ironed out in the process of certifying results. Although those certifications might change the results by several hundred or several thousand they are highly unlikely to move tens of thousands. To shift the Electoral would not only have to reverse her current deficits in and but also in which experts say is highly unlikely. There is widespread confusion on social media about how recounts are generated. A flood of Twitter users have urged supporters to call the United States Department of even though it is states that certify election results. Ms. was furiously trying to organize voters around the states to file petitions demanding a recount this week. like this fever approach happening in the last few of said on describing her efforts to reach out to voters across the state using social media. But Ms. the State Department said the deadline for such petitions had come and gone. staff is not aware of any petitions for recounts in the presidential she said.
Once upon a time if you liked a band you braved passive aggressive record shop assistants and bought their latest Then came the and all of a sudden you could buy lunch little figurines and tea towels. They a merchandise continuum that eventually saw my little sister sleeping under a Backstreet Boys duvet cover while wearing a Take That and waiting to be awoken by an alarm clock. box was and there was underwear and condoms flannel shirt That flannel shirt. enthusiasts have come up with the perfect gift for the deep thinker. The A Million Flannel is has and is covered in so it could also double up as a present for Brown fans. Medium and large sizes are on backorder until while and shirts are on backorder until 7 which suggests adherents may not be such fans of Skinny Love after all. The flannel is made of highest quality canvas and costs dog shampoo Twitter So so Big Publicity image from music company Big shampoo. actually called Big and dog and is a collaboration between the rapper real name and the pet shampoo creator two unlikely partners came together out of a common thread love of their screams the website for Big and dog sort of makes as Big is a noted dog enthusiast who started a kennel with his brother in which specializes in breeding bullies. The shampoo comes in a range of fragrances including and and and Insert your own So So Clean joke hacked email Twitter Render and Senator Sanders. Killer Mike debuted a new clothing range based on the hack of campaign John a noted Sanders appears in several of emails over the course of the primary campaign. The email in question was received by on 21 and guess Killer Mike get the clothing shows the quote in email format on sweatshirts that are priced at sweatshirt does not mention the context of the remark. Mike had been accused of sexism after quoting an activist who said uterus qualify you to be president of the United It also does not include an attachment to that 21 email a of a tweet from Killer Mike which uterus having an inappropriate sexual relationship with a young intern and trashing her after caught underpants Twitter underpants from his store. aka is a record producer and maker. a collaboration with the Original clothing are sold through website. They come in a range of bright bear a little biceps and promises to be a great conversation starter. As long as your partner likes electronic music. The briefs are cotton and cost for two pairs. and for the underwear out also sells caps Twitter No with Chance The Rapper and his cap. Mane ice cream dad hat. Chance the Rapper. Mane. Rappers hawking their own baseball caps has become quite the thing. And if you do it you can create demand before they even go on sale. Chance the Rapper was wearing a hat with a big number 3 on it for months in homage to his third Coloring and with one eye on a lucrative sideline in sales. When he finally started selling the hats earlier this month they flew off the and are now sold a similar cashed in on the popularity of his song by then selling a cap with on the front. But sometimes you even need to wear your baseball cap for it to become popular. You could just follow the Mane method of getting an cone tattooed on your then selling a hat bearing the image of that 
There is currently no shortage of commentators staring in the mirror and finding clarity in the ascension of Trump. I offer myself as Exhibit who saw the train wreck approaching come to the post with a little more credibility. None more so than who in wrote a piece entitled Why the White Working Class Abandoned the Democratic former Labor Secretary in the first White House pointed the finger at both Bill and for on campaign promises to make it easier to form unions. He argued the failure to these pledges had contributed to the decline in union numbers from of the private sector in 1992 to just today. Democrats once represented the working class. Not any more Read decline in union membership not only made it harder to fight the forces of that created the populist backlash through less secure jobs and lower incomes. It has also made it harder to these workers politically and get out to vote when it mattered. Well before hostile takeover of the Republican predicted the conditions were open for a candidate to draw workers away from a Democratic Party that had been a willing architect of so many of these difficulties. latest book Saving Capitalism is essential he dissects how the fundamentals of capitalism rules of market bankruptcy and have been rewritten over the past 30 years for the benefit of the very rich. But the sting in his analysis is how this shift in power has been allowed to occur the increasing sophistication around the corporate lobbying machine and the decline of what calls the of the rest of argues this countervailing power existed in the business association and community groups that people used to belong to that at a local level to demand their interests be and balanced the demands of capital. Countervailing power also existed in the grassroots bases of the political that kept representatives anchored to their community. As these groups have become weaker with fewer people political parties have become corporate driven by the interests of their new constituency with the only truly effective political activism now coming from the top in this Essential Report confirm the decline in countervailing power is not a purely you currently a member or have you ever been a member of any of the following the decline in membership of unions is well these figures show they are not alone in experiencing declining density churches to sporting school councils to environmental groups and of course the disappearing political party on every category there are more people who had previously been a member than are members than half of the respondents say they are currently not a member of any on this while a quarter say they have never been a member of any of these Ask people why they are not joining and the plot you agree or disagree with the following of all respondents say they have the time to spare outside home and work duties. More than one third say irregular hours mean they commit to These reduced job security and longer workers hours are part of the vicious cycle of the reduced power of working people to actively pursue their responses also pick up a sense of inevitability in the decline of countervailing power with nearly a half saying they just even while they accept the decline in groups is not a positive the absence of traditional structures some have put their faith in communities to fill the with its viral and taking politics to a higher level of are committed and smart activists doing their best to create structures that can exercise countervailing power but the challenges are profound and fundamental. A Get email petition is not the same as coordinated campaign by a representative nor is a group by the same power dynamics as a bricks and mortar community avoid the needs solidarity Van Read might sound analogue but virtual networks have been found wanting when it comes to winning on the issues that from climate change to asylum the noise has not translated into positive they have been useful vehicles for building coalitions in support of the issue of the but then they are on to the issue of tomorrow with equal levels of energy and why a strong trade union movement and industry environmental groups and churches too not only promote the interests of their members but make the broader society more stable and resilient to populist also why the government fixation on weakening the through the and making the obligations of union officials akin to professional company directors has a broader political is a society that find ways for citizens to be active through structures is a vulnerable society. And if you want a true act of resistance in these a first step might be to join something. trade 
Every week a Guardian Money reader submits a and up to you to help him or her out a selection of the best answers will appear in next In 2014 I ditched my energy but despite repeated requests it or send me a bill. I gather it a bill more than 12 leaving me with a do I keep or simply enjoy the free What would you you have a problem readers could Email your suggestions to or write to us at The Kings 90 
On the day I meet to talk about her role in Spike new which portrays as a war uptown is doing a pretty good impression of one itself. Five blocks of Fifth Avenue are on police After three nights of demonstrations have pushed up from Union Square through Midtown before reaching Trump Tower. Thousands of demonstrators are chanting our hates and too small to build a to a row of visored police officers bearing assault rifles. Dump trucks brimming with sand line two blocks in case of explosive am says of the election sitting in the back garden of the a bohemian hangout in serving teas. She has just got back to New from South her home where she voted. saw so much red on that and felt just overwhelmingly she Spike Lee's angry and very sexy midlife masterpiece Read a kilowatt smile that seems to add another foot to her height on is an effervescent A graduate of she had appeared in a handful of and film roles most notably as Don secretary in Mad Men when her turn in the breakout Dear White People caught Spike eye. He took her out to and a few days later emailed her a with a note that all it she recalls. She found herself flipping through pages of all in rhyming spoken by characters she from comedy which she had worked on at was is going This is Spike it was released in the US earlier this was seen by critics as a bawdy return to form for the It transplants the action of play to the south side of where distressed by escalating gang hatches a all the women in the community will withhold sex from their menfolk until the killing stops. no they chant. a breakout role for staring down the swinging her like Foxy a bombshell in whose exercise in education brings the to its knees. Twitter in almost felt like a superhero to says the whose South manners be more different from her street sass. For the climactic battle between and her staged on a big double outfit consisted of little more than a braided rope. never been that scantily clad in any of the work she admits. even found herself asking the wardrobe to help you you could add a little bit more fabric here and there is a woman who navigates the world very differently to she says. comfortable with and comfortable using everything not just her body to help effect change. But she had to put together a plan. very and she comes from an and look like what we typically imagine the leader of a movement to look like. So it was amazing to tell her and to be so bold and heavy dose of sexual realpolitik renders all the more startling an incident that occurred during when having tea at with was approached by an elderly white man referring to her that yours or an she replied and turned to resume her told the manager he should have the waitresses wear that hair because said the saying I like all you had to say. You like turned back to her friends once more only to then feel the man reaching out to grab her hair. he his daughter now clearly uncomfortable tweeting about the she was shocked by the backlash it provoked. think the shocking part is it happens all the she says. not an isolated incident for me. When you get you just seem like an angry black and standing there offended that offended that they felt that they could come into your personal space. frustrating on so many up in a house with two she was the princess of the house. Bossy. Big A tomboy who played softball and wrestled with her she also loved beauty entering one aged eight. they do you want to be when you grow I want to be a model and an They I I can look good and get paid to do the kind of kid I an electrician at a nuclear drove her up the coast to New to audition for multiple reaching in a snowstorm. Graduating from the prestigious acting academy four years she landed a small role in L How Do You and appeared on in John A Free Man of with Wright and Mos Def. soon as the last curtain call was I flew to LA. I went for three months to get away from the New cold. I was going for three months. I wanted to go to LA and see what that would book a show real quick. You know. Me and these big Twitter As Dawn Chambers in Mad Men. happened for a year no no nothing. Staying with relatives in South she shared a room with her sleeping on a She even have the money to return to New was she recalls. I used that time. What I ended up doing was really connecting to who I was as a outside of this industry. A sense of release is what that time ended up turning into. And as soon as I let it all Mad Men came took the role as Don Dawn thinking it was a work. They had her back. And again. I who she maybe the third time they had me come I was This is a really important character Then being able to grow with the and be a part of the fabric of that was really something. What that character meant to that being the first to integrate the that was and it was exciting to play that to be able to tell her films matter how cinema fought back against Read to New a few months ago from shooting Remorse for in she found her possessions scattered to the four some of it still in storage in some of it still in South During her trip there to her dad asked her if he could send her stuff to her. She told You have the family put it in the attic. You have to keep baby Dad. an unwritten rule that it stays in the family just sort through it so I can get it spent a day sorting through her stuff in the attic. looking through old things of and there was this binder from when I was 14 years old. It is essentially a dream board. It is a school binder that I had put magazine clippings on. It a picture of a picture of I was obsessed with both of them. This was on when I went home. I saw and I was almost brought to tears because me saw this for myself. Saw being able to pursue this dream. For it to just floored and so 
After eight the socially responsible luxury brand is shutting its doors. will not produce its spring 2017 the designer Max told Business of Fashion. and his design partner had received positive reviews at a presentation during New Fashion Week in Neither he nor Ms. was available for further comment. The news raised questions about the viability of small businesses trying to combine a socially responsible mission with style. Founded in 2008 by the label from the beginning was committed to practices like training tailors in making its first collection from East and working with factories in and South It expanded after hiring Ms. who had previously worked as a creative director at and as a product manager at Gap Inc. Over which is carried by more than 70 retailers including and attracted support from celebrities Swift and are and industry players. In won the Award for and in 2014 it was a finalist for the Young Fashion Designers Prize. But what made appealing to some may also have been its downfall. product is but it was very said the chief executive of which offers loans and credit to and which has offered financial assistance to Ms. and for years. not sure from an investor perspective that anyone could see the opportunity to turn it into a sizable brand. made in very true to their and that limited their ability to be competitive and in The label toppled because one of the partners wanted to and the other had been struggling to find a said whose clients have included and A spokesman for would neither confirm nor deny that that was the case. Plenty of sustainable businesses are said. But for them to everybody at the helm has to be on board. have aspirations to be a million he said. in each of those there are two partners or and nobody wants to leave. happy to be so no disruption in their course of the director of consumer sectors at a nonprofit that works with companies like and H M on sustainability said that closing be seen as a failure for socially responsible brands. you look at a brand like a brand with she said. percent of her collection is There one standard for sustainability and social Ms. said. Many companies set their own goals. Some choose to work with factories where employees are offered fair wages and safe conditions. Others focus on developing fabrics that require less water or energy to produce. The Better Cotton for brings together more than 50 retailers and 700 suppliers working to set higher environmental and social standards in cotton production. H M and work with an organization called to reuse and recycle clothing. offers customers the opportunity to have their clothes repaired to prevent excessive waste. a boutique clothing collects information on the environmental impact of each of its garments and shares those findings with potential customers through its website. But Ms. conceded that sustainability and ethical practices come cheap. do hear from brands that making more sustainable choices can be more she said. the brand has to choose to have lower margins on the She offered Ms. use of leather as an example. actually a more expensive she said. But she argued that it can pay off in the long run. have good and attract a she said. a partner at made a similar point in an email. ethical fashion is a balancing act between the ability to charge a price premium and the technical expertise to create product with better environmental or social performance without adversely impacting the he wrote. It is unclear whether found that balance. It was difficult for to secure additional funding when it had been doing business for nearly a decade and had kept its output steady but said. had a really clear point of which is exactly what you look for as an he said. But it remained so was hard to attract an he said.
Mark has said will do more to tackle fake news while continuing to argue that the spread of hoax stories on the social network did not affect the result of the US a post on his profile late on said hoped to announce new measures to tackle fake stories He all the content on more than of what people see is authentic. Only a very small amount is fake news and hoaxes. The hoaxes that do exist are not limited to one partisan or even to politics. this makes it extremely unlikely hoaxes changed the outcome of this election in one direction or the we want any hoaxes on Our goal is to show people the content they will find most and people want accurate news. We have already launched work enabling our community to flag hoaxes and fake and there is more we can do here. We have made and we will continue to work on this to improve fake news problem is not commentators and even outgoing president have raised concerns about its role in spreading false information during the election. Stories such as a report just days before the election that an agent investigating use of a private email server had killed himself were deliberately designed to tap into debate around the key tailors the its users see to what they and their friends have previously liked and especially partisan stories aimed at supporters of either candidate in the election could spread rapidly and in some cases earn significant amount of advertising revenue for their end of the election has not stopped the spread of false stories. The day after Trump was declared the false claims that President was planning to give a began circulating on the was already growing on to address its powerful role in shaping the information people consume after it removed images of a girl hit by napalm during the which it said breached its rules on nudity. The decision was later but not before a post of the image by the prime minister was taken post goes further in acknowledging the problem than his comments at a conference near last during which he said suggestions the election was influenced by fake news were it also outlines some of the concerns says are behind its cautious approach to becoming more involved in policing content. He is an area where I believe we must proceed very carefully though. Identifying the is complicated. While some hoaxes can be completely a greater amount of including from mainstream often gets the basic idea right but some details wrong or omitted. even greater volume of stories express an opinion that many will disagree with and flag as incorrect even when factual. I am confident we can find ways for our community to tell us what content is most but I believe we must be extremely cautious about becoming arbiters of truth elections 
When the mayor of and star of the Five Star recently suggested that the large number of refrigerators and furniture being dumped on the streets was potentially a plot by her political enemies to undermine it was met with ridicule and did not take long for observers already unhappy with performance since her sweeping electoral victory in to point out that contract with rubbish collectors to pick up fridges and other large items had expired shortly before the or created an easy political opportunity for prime who is fighting a tough battle before a critical referendum on 4 on constitutional reform that could end his political career. He never misses an opportunity to paint his toughest political rivals the populist 5 as incompetent conspiracy mayoral crisis could hurt Five Star's national chances Read in politics is about being and not playing around with demagoguery and said. forgotten to renew the contract for large refuse not a its founding in has been seen as a protest party giving voice to disaffected who were attracted to its vehement positions against corruption and crony capitalism. Its a had a loud but was not seen a contender to run the country. Twitter speaks during a rally three years ago. today is no longer on the sidelines of politics. it is the second most popular party in the country and leading the campaign against which it says poses a threat to the constitution. If it could hasten the call for general elections before putting within striking distance of the prime seat in chances of the Five Star winning the next election are quite whether the referendum passes or said an analyst at Group. While it is clear that is a force to be reckoned just what the party stands for beyond its championing of and is a much murkier question. Just as it lacks a clear leader in the conventional sense it is not for who would be in the prime seat if it did one day enter it presents voters with a hotchpotch of policies from across the ideological other populist movements in that are clearly associated either with such as in or with such as in has been able to attract votes across the political spectrum. Twitter The leader of celebrates in after the results of the general election in voters are attracted to its stance and its criticism of big business. voters support its call for controls on migration and its attacks on the and the has long been an admirer of the former leader and has said it would seek to call a referendum on the if it came into an MP in Democratic party and the chief attack dog against points to a that though is associated with heroes in such as the late playwright it has also stalled legislation in support of civil regularly attacked the press for being and enjoyed a close relationship with the whose leaks of campaign emails have recently made him a hero of the right in the be next casualty as risks all on Read right in is it does not exist. is gone and the rest is a and they are trying to win these voters. For they are in the same category as and said a political journalist at La who covers said the ties to the right have become more evident following election as mayor of when she decided to fill top posts with officials associated with a previous want to say they are like a but they repeat a kind of mantra when they talk about direct democracy and how you should only believe what you see on the and not the he pointing out a similar distrust of traditional media outlets expressed by the Republican US presidential think there is a sort of cultural tie that connects the things that are happening in the and the and and said. At the heart of it lies not only anger at the status but distrust of elites and a tendency to plots everywhere and in he some of the theories that have been expressed by officials is that the forthcoming referendum on the constitution is part of a capitalist plot hatched by the US bank that vaccines are linked to that the moon landing never and that party may have lost the mayoral contest on purpose in order to set up to fail. Twitter new an for where the movement is part of the of Freedom and Direct Democracy Group along with and insists her party has been misunderstood and given unfair treatment in the are not on the or the We are for what is logical and better for citizens. For on the management of migrant it is absolutely wrong that we are close to the she pointing to calls by parties for all migrants and refugees to be said the position was that more needed to be done to determine the differences between economic migrants and refugees fleeing war and to the fundamental rights of who were unemployed. She said one solution by would be for refugees to obtain from and other embassies in their countries of origin so they could avoid the dangerous passage across the Creating to relocate refugees in other she would Five Star Movement now has to translate protest into Read about some of the less mainstream theories the party has denied opposed but said it wanted to urge parents to be more vigilant about which vaccines they gave their saying that both the flu vaccine and or chickenpox vaccine were portrayed by doctors as obligatory even though they were not mandatory by law. Both vaccines are recommended by the World Health it depends on the situation of each individual and we need to be aware of she referring to the flu political history professor at University in the much like the rise of Trump and points to a general failure of mainstream politics. Twitter speaks during the constitutional referendum on 29 Pacific think of their supports believe in and despise all the he said. voters should start getting a greater sense of responsibility and reality. is contributing to a sense of this is the first problem. The second is that the quality of their administrative elite is very low. So they are both the electorate and not governing and that causes real at which follows said the big question facing now was not whether could put the country on a track to abandon the because that was likely to be too difficult procedurally and real problem is that they are highly he said. said he would worry about response to economic challenges if they came into particularly since they seem to oppose any public intervention when it comes to saving troubled and that their policies would put on a collision course with the think the Five Star movement come out of nowhere. They have a huge following in part because the traditional political class is completely inadequate for the job and people have real said. while I with those I think so far they have struggled to articulate a convincing Star 
In Pen stunned all of by defeating the socialist in the first round of the presidential and advancing to the final round between the top two candidates. Terrified by the prospect of a the left including Greens and the Socialist party threw their support behind the incumbent a pillar of the establishment who had served as mayor of for 18 years before becoming president in 1995. This electoral strategy effectively isolated Front National depicting it as a cancerous force in the body weeks on 5 won the election with an astronomical of the trouncing Pen by the biggest margin in a presidential election since 1848. Raucous celebrations spilled into the streets of have gone through a time of serious anxiety for the country but tonight has reaffirmed its attachment to the values of the declared in his victory speech. speaking to the joyous crowds in the Place la he lauded them for rejecting and May 2002 was in a moment of triumph. Rather it was the dying gasp of an old in which the fate of nations was controlled by large establishment Pen was an easy target for the and for establishment figures such as He was a political provocateur who appealed as much to and as to voters upset about drawing his support largely from the most reactionary elements of the old Catholic right. In other he was a familiar villain and his ideology represented an archaic a defeated past. he did not seriously aim for and never really came close to acquiring his role was to be a and to inject his ideas into the national new far right is different. From to the to a new wave of parties has emerged over the past and they are casting a much wider net than Pen ever attempted to. And by deftly appealing to nostalgia and resentment of they are rapidly broadening their base. Twitter Deftly appealing to nostalgia and resentment of elites the Front National May day rally in in 2012. own daughter is a prime example of the new ambitions of the unlike her incendiary Marine Pen is running a disciplined political operation and has already proven that her party can win upwards of of the vote in regions from in the north to the in the south. She and her Danish and Dutch counterparts are not as some on the left would like to believe or inconsequential extremists with fringe ideas lacking popular parties have built a coherent ideology and steadily chipped away at the establishment hold on power by pursuing a new and devastatingly effective electoral strategy. They have made a very public break with the symbols of the old distancing themselves from and They have also deftly the policies and rhetoric of their opponents. They have sought to outflank the left when it comes to defending a strong welfare state and protecting social benefits that they claim are threatened by an influx of freeloading ruthlessly effective of new far right Read have effectively claimed the progressive causes of the left from gay rights to equality and protecting from antisemitism as their by depicting immigrants as the primary threat to all three groups. As fear of has with their they have presented themselves as the only true defenders of western identity and western liberties the last bulwark protecting a besieged from the barbarians at the parties have steadily filled an electoral vacuum left open by social democratic and who ignored growing anger over immigration some of it some of it bigoted or simply waited too long to address have shed some of the most baggage while responding to both economic anxiety and fear of terrorism by blending a economic policy more but only for and tough and border security measures. Their message is beginning to resonate widely with a fearful population that believes the liberal governing elite no longer listens to them. far right hails vote Read was just the start. new far right is poised to transform the political landscape either by winning elections or simply by pulling a besieged political so far in its direction that its ideas become the new normal. And when that groups that would never have contemplated voting for a party 10 years ago the gay feminists may join the voters who have already abandoned parties of the left to become the new backbone of the populist 6 May one day after filled the streets of to celebrate historic the flamboyant and iconoclastic leader of the Dutch far was gunned down by a radical animal rights activist as he emerged from a radio interview. His assassin later claimed that he had killed to stop him from using as In national elections nine days eponymous party the List became the second largest in the with of the a former communist and openly gay man who boasted of sleeping with immigrants while calling for a ban on was an electrifying figure in a country known for its staid politics. His time in the limelight was short but was who blazed the trail for the new generation of leaders across He may not have intended to be a but his brand of political incorrectness and his depiction of culture as a and reactionary threat to the progressive values of western would provide a potent template for a far right. His ideological inheritors in Dutch as well as the revamped Front National in the Danish Party and Alternative have all emulated in their own proved that the winning argument for the far right was not a appeal to conservative religious but rather to claim it was progressive culture from the threat of argues of University. The was a perfect laboratory for this new strategy unlike it did not have a strong contingent of religious traditionalists opposed to liberation and gay founding his own party in had tried to join an establishment the Party for Freedom and Democracy in the late The who had been one of the first figures to speak critically about immigration in the early remembers as a talented but inflammatory politician. had a thoroughly theatrical and that played in his said now in his from his office overlooking the canals of want him to be in my parliamentary so I him He would have acted as a fragmentation took his explosive rhetoric elsewhere by creating a new type of politics in progressive garb form of xenophobia ideally suited to a nation that prides itself on its as a New Yorker profile once described it he redirected the entire national debate in a way that has endured long after his death. Twitter was an electrifying figure in the a country known for its staid politics. years after was the was by another political assassination. Early one morning in the filmmaker van was murdered by a young who shot van eight slashed his throat and then pinned a letter to his chest with a knife. The letter was a death threat aimed at the Dutch parliamentarian a vocal critic of who was soon placed under the protection of the Dutch security two assassinations shook the to its core and catapulted a and theatrically coiffed to popularity as an ideological successor to had also flirted with beginning his political career as a staffer in the party office. In late he split off and formed his own. With in he quickly became the most prominent voice in the country and has remained so ever those who cared to the political ground had already begun to shift. Six months before trouncing of Pen and had an election. On its surface the result was not a historical the party ousted the Social handing power from one establishment party to the other. What had changed was that the Danish which had campaigned on an overtly took of the vote transforming it into a in party leader demands border crackdown after election success Read which in its triumph over the or the where the remains of party failed to become a real parliamentary the immediately became a serious player with real influence over policy. And it was not only taking votes from the it was also attracting disgruntled social democratic voters who felt that their leaders had abandoned had crafted a social and economic policy that was in many ways more socialist than that of the Social Democrats promising better health better care for the and more housing. As the outgoing Social Democratic prime minister told me in a few months after his took a part of our rhetoric and tried to sell it as a new package to the and with some one may Back a Danish member of parliament who immigrated from as a argued that best way to weaken the is to give them He was headquarters of the Front National sits on a quiet street in the unassuming suburb of near a car repair shop and a restaurant. Only when you approach the building with its mostly closed blue shutters do the armed guards come into view. In her modest surrounded by books and a cloud of Marine Pen explained earlier this year how she transformed a party previously known for calling the Holocaust a of into a genuine contender for the or he gave ammunition to our Pen said of her father. But she insisted that she has now cleaned house. fired them all all those people who expressed an ideology or held views that I found a who headed the youth wing but has since left the told me that he believes the changes are real. Whereas the former leader used to pepper his speeches with lines that made hair stand on if someone tells a racist joke within the will be attacked straight said. is such these days. They are so afraid be accused once again of being antisemitic or the detractors continue to level the same charges at the which outrages Marine Pen. our adversaries no longer have that and they repeat on old tropes about fascists and racists. a certain point this argument loses its she voters see clearly that absolutely nothing in our platform that remotely resembles fascism or Pen has done more than kick out the most blatant racists and She has consciously crafted a campaign designed to appeal to voters of the and left and other constituencies who could never have imagined voting for her Front National. Twitter graffiti on a campaign office but Pen claims that argument loses its force because voters see clearly that nothing in our platform that resembles fascism or Pascal has she is to erase another image that has stuck to the skin of the that of And it is a survey showed that her share of the vote among married gay couples in the 2015 regional elections was over up from just in a similar poll from Pen has filled her inner circle with more and more openly gay advisers and party she has also made her pitch to voters more a lot of the appears to be the only movement that can defend them from this new antisemitism nourished in Pen told me. a very natural way they have turned toward the because the is I of protecting them from voters threatened by the new rejection of a multicultural society increasingly takes the form of longing for a bygone era. And peddling nostalgia is the of many new parties across In Marine Pen has promised a return to a time when the had their own currency and monetary when there were fewer mosques and less halal when no one complained about nativity scenes in public and when schools promoted a republican ethos of growing number of people feel uncomfortable in their own the prominent declared in during a debate with the presidential candidate who has taken a less strident line on and migration than his rival depicted contemporary as a country of halal butchers and tea shops filled only with pleading that public good in the made from tangible things the of and the and the cows of a is not an admirer of the Front but Marine deliberate appeals to and gay people have given political expression to an argument that he first made more than a decade ago that the with its indulgence of poses a greater threat to than the far right. After the republic from Pen in watched the celebrations in the streets and warned that the victors were the real future of hate is in their camp and not in the camp of those nostalgic for he in the camp of the multicultural society and not that of the ethnic nation in the camp of not that of years after the terrorist attacks on the and is even more certain he was correct. today frequently serves as a pretext for not seeing the true danger that threatens he told me when we met in his apartment this summer. While he is still no fan of the he believes it has changed and argues that it be but for what it is today and not what it was in the and not in the name of The he simplistic analogies with the We must not mistake what era we live in. only have it also has and it needs to know how to fight those worries that integration has been such a failure that will have to its by which he means the suburbs surrounding people is not telling them are how you are and we are how we Integration means making them an integral part of our And if that he warned best have secession and at worst civil Continued immigration from he is nothing less than the demise of the nostalgia for an whiter has become a potent political force. In the southern city of Mayor a former who the press freedom group Reporters Without is seeking to place a moratorium on the opening of kebab shops and has renamed a street after one of the officers who joined a failed coup against in 1961 to prevent independence. comes from a family of settlers in He regards the accords that ended the war as a and those who tried to preserve as heroes. Twitter Whereas young overwhelmingly voted to remain in the and the elderly voted to in the opposite. nostalgia has an unmistakable but not necessarily for the sort of voters one might expect. Whereas young overwhelmingly voted to remain in the and the elderly voted to in it is the opposite. According to the former youth appeals to nostalgia work better with the young in who dream of an era they never witnessed than with the who lived through the era Marine Pen promises to restore. It is older who are the greatest obstacle to victory. are afraid of leaving the he says. are afraid of huge is convinced that the will never win simply by the past. just want to go back 30 he said of his erstwhile colleagues. a discourse that at all take into account the world as it is and what has if Pen cannot win over enough older voters for her to become there is one constituency that has already moved significantly to the right the former members of what used to be the largest communist party in western the Communist party its supporters were left rudderless. According to a academic who teaches in the technocratic leaders of the Socialist party many of them graduates of the so disconnected from ordinary that even former consider voting for them. Distrustful of the establishment and searching for a state that protects many have turned to the think got a big political question here about who looks after said. is a very communist way of Pen knows that she is attracting these people. Many of her supporters to be but they any she told me. Although she prefers to avoid the phrase welfare state a socialist she insisted Pen has appealed directly to this yearning for a large and nurturing state that fights for the common man and not the defend fraternity the idea that a developed country should be able to provide the poorest with the minimum needed to live with dignity as a human being. The state no longer does she told me. in a world today in which you either defend the interests of the people or the interests of the And she has seen results. She points to the northern region. was for 80 she says. won the same time as Marine Pen was working to the the leaders of the Dutch far right successfully seized the mantle of radicalism by positioning itself as the only force that dares to challenge an political and the only party willing to speak out about what many voters extremist and his Party for Freedom have surpassed the Dutch party to take up a close second place in polls ahead of the March 2017 election. Last declared that was facing an the sort of comments that landed him in court this week on charges of inciting racial which he dismisses as an attack on freedom of presence of of young men in their with beards singing across warned at the peak of last refugee posed a dire threat to our our culture and Across the grassroots groups responded to attempting to block the resettlement of asylum seekers in their towns. Last the deputy minister responsible for refugee arrived for a visit to the tiny village of where the Dutch government had decided to place 700 refugees. Outraged locals blocked the road leading to kicked car and tore off its mirrors. A few days near an asylum was attacked by masked men with smoke bombs and fireworks. Twitter A 2010 rally in support of during his trial for inciting racial with posters reading and is Peter the decade following the assassinations of and Van the integration of immigrants became the most divisive issue in Dutch politics. and Dutch citizens became And as the public debate over and migration grew even more even the most basic forms of visible religious observance wearing the buying halal fasting during became politically Dutch MP who came to the from rural Morocco when he was recounted how controversies have erupted everywhere from supermarkets to classrooms. It is a jolt to the traditionally liberal when teenage girls tell their male teachers they shake or that they fast and pray while many other Dutch kids are out drinking and having sex. As it runs against everything that Dutch youth culture has on this cultural angst by using simple and deliberately brash slogans about and refugees one of his latest is simply to win over voters who feel that everything familiar to them is slipping framing its politics as a battle against imperious elites and political the has been able to on a panoply of from anger over asylum seekers to many causes of the radical left including and have now become establishment thinking in the has been argues the journalist Bas who writes a column in the liberal daily newspaper when the establishment enforces you react against why there is such a strong tone to the Dutch do not tell us what to what to celebrate and who we must live next trial throws divisions in sharp relief Read as Marine has become a huge presence on social media in the right is in the midst of the Dutch media. a popular news site featuring abrasive articles and encourages its best and angriest to visit mainstream news sites and go on the attack. is massively says a social The site began as a dedicated to those who felt politically homeless after and has since become a ubiquitous presence in Dutch public with an army of on Twitter. According to some politicians have told him that is the first site they check in the newfound media clout has also helped shape what the journalist from the sees as a form of political correctness. In the old he there were taboos enforced by the badmouth immigrants and were immediately called a racist and extreme right and basically pressured to shut the other way around. soon as you say anything other than is a or is the cause of the thought police immediately jump on your neck to correct Dutch government official who focuses on security issues complained that even as the integration of immigrants and the threat of radical had become the most heated and issues in the almost none of the feverish public debate was informed by knowledge of or terrorism. While politicians fan the flames of the official economists look for the economic roots of the sociologists look for social causes and the anthropologists try to explain culture but none of them have any idea about Even scholars of tend to study extremists through the historical lens of the radical left which does little to explain what leads a small number of young men such as Van to devote themselves to the cause of jihad. easy to be a the security official quipped. fucking hard to be a the perception that the state is helpless to prevent the of teenagers deepens and the fear of terrorism so does the share of voters who are newly receptive to the far tirades about These days it is not only activists pushing back against the consensus. There are also many disappointed progressives the people who saw the cultural victories of the and as major battles that had long since been making sexual feminism and gay rights an unquestioned part of Dutch society. Suddenly those old victories seem tenuous. is a sense are welcoming and then they do says Bas have been terribly let down in their good And in such an traditionally leftist constituencies such as gay people and feel threatened and some have become reflexively suspicious of stereotype that observant hate gay men and lesbians has become so entrenched in the that neither side can fathom evidence to the contrary. When the MP first joined in legendary gay pride he as he puts the to participate. The gay community feared violence from conservative were baffled and angry. Both groups maybe is homosexual he says with a laugh. Neither group could imagine a straight doing what he public displays of solidarity such as are rare. Among openly gay couples and religious there is a palpable fear of being targeted by homophobic or antisemitic young men. Much as in this fraught atmosphere has made parties seem a palatable option for groups who would never previously have considered voting for earlier this I had several meetings with a staunch supporter of who insisted on remaining anonymous. He described his own backing for the far right in terms that echoed an outdated reflex for to always say the problem is the extreme he told me. have new enemies and we need new experience of his own family during the second world war has convinced him that capacity for murderous violence is always lurking beneath the surface. Frank betrayed by the he argued. by Dutch people. Regular need to find new allies in a new he because they will never be safe. trains for the will always he ominously. rather be wrong than be too calm and end up on the is not unsympathetic to the plight of and told me that he even sees parallels with the persecution his own family faced. I were a in at this moment be very he admitted. regain their it could be bad. the history of to treat foreigners terribly. We know that he should regard as a lesser evil. should be happy exists. If someone else these hateful feelings it would be much he told me menacingly. is civil. He is a democrat. He is not the new who led the in the and was briefly boss when he was a young aide in the party office the rise of the far right is as much about class as it is about The Dutch he gave up on its made a major he says of his old with a tinge of satisfaction. Faced with choice between the and the they chose the and paid for it Current polls project that the party will drop from the 36 seats it now holds of to just concedes like the old leftists in many former voters now back he they still live in the very that families such as his own moved into in the as many white Dutch families were moving out. message to the he ignored us. You let it Danish Party has been seeking out such voters for and they have masterfully leveraged sentiment to siphon away the Social traditional base people who fear that the will be buttered more as the Danish journalist Trier puts it. Twitter leader of the Danish Party. has effectively combined rhetoric with a strong message that stresses quality health benefits and good care for the elderly. the deputy think that former Social Democrats will ever go back. one of those takes the step to vote for it is a very huge step he is he says of voters who supported the Social Democrats all their lives. why should he go I to come over this first hurdle of voting for then done Social Democrats first began to lose their dominance in and around the major cities in the with many of their votes going to the One of those places is the small satellite town of about 10 miles west of The Social Democratic has lived there all his and he is adamant that controlling immigration numbers is the only way to reverse his political the key to successful integration is a demographic balance. As soon as a school or housing estate becomes majority immigrant or majority unemployed he problems start to arise. He blames his own in the they were something is going you have to But the party leadership their he came the cartoons. In the editors at largest invited a group of cartoonists to draw the prophet. The initial response was but within a few months through a combination of diplomatic a dismissive response from the Danish and a concerted campaign by local imams the cartoons became a with boycotts of Danish products and violent protests occurring throughout the Middle East. who had never contemplated voting for the now saw their embassies on fire and death threats against some of their journalists. the platform was making sense. They had warned that were extremists in and now those warnings seemed to come true. Politicians such as who once warned that giving the influence would weaken found themselves moving steadily to the right of the political spectrum. When founded a new called in the wake of the cartoon he received death newspaper in cartoons row Read at the top of the Social Democrats are now taking a tough too. Earlier this year the party went to to meet with fellow social democrats. There she gave a speech that rattled her colleagues. social democrats must accept that there is a she declared. is a very strong part of our identity that we help when people need help but just as strong is our value that we must have a welfare position is that a universally funded welfare state with free and equal access to education and social subsidies is not compatible with an open immigration in its zeal to get tough on has damaged its international reputation as a bastion of progressivism the sort of place that Sanders liked to mention at campaign rallies. In just three months after the refugee crisis passed what became known as the which stipulated that any refugees carrying valuables worth more than 10,000 kroner would have them confiscated to fund the cost of accommodating Editorial pages and columnists across the world lined up to condemn the law. According to a MP for the it was about deterrence. goal of that we should try to tell people that they should not seek asylum in he said. The provision was a minor part. important is the fact that many people will be waiting longer for family like waiting three he added. And it just the and government who supported it the Social Democrats voted for former chief was outraged. He bristled at the suggestion that refugees are rich because they flee with some money in their pockets. He would although is always hailed for saving its during the second world it is often forgotten that Danish paid fishermen huge sums to ferry them across to family paid the equivalent of a rent of a just for his own passage. is not a poor for says. food for everybody and even if we get a few tens of thousands more there will still be food for road that led a party to support such a law has been long and but the trajectory has been clear. The welfare system has always been premised on with everyone paying their fair share and receiving what they deserve. As the country has become more some of the trust sustaining it has broken down. There has been abuse of the system by and there has been even more tabloid depicting immigrants as cheats and leeches sucking the system dry. But the larger as the Oxford economist Collier has is the growing unwillingness of natives to those seen as the foreign mayor does not oppose but he insists that the numbers have to be capped. have to help and we have to take refugees to in a number that we can help. If the balance the welfare society cannot hold warns. Twitter When cartoons of the prophet in a Danish newspaper led to protests across the world in the rhetoric gained more traction. such balance may only help so much. a Danish sociologist and the son of immigrants from believes there is a larger blind spot in the thinking of the Danish government one that native who have never been on the receiving end of the integration policy have failed to see. lot of refugees were just parked on social welfare instead of their education and their told citing the case of his own who arrived in with a physics degree that was regarded as worthless. your motivation is to create a liberal society where the individual can create a good life for him or then you would have solved this problem years he the state has effectively provided newcomers with an allowance and keys to an and ignored them assuming that its work was done. The is that there is no political incentive to integrate asylum seekers into the job market. have consequences for the politicians because they have the right to Either it plays into the argument. do said unemployed a burden to society. When in a they just stole the job from a or not Marine Pen wins next election or becomes the largest party in the the new far right is not going away. The reflex among many establishment parties and media institutions has been to dismiss sideline them or mock them. have begun to mimic them in an effort to win their old voters in the long matter more than election results. When I spoke again recently with the supporter from he was convinced that the battle has in some ways already been won regardless of the outcome of next elections. has shifted the whole political discussion to the right. The party is saying almost exactly the same thing said five years he told me. can have a lot of influence in politics by steering the traditional political parties want to they must first abandon the old strategy of populist movements and instead engage them on the merits and flaws of their policies and counter their messages of least among the lessons of was for millions of disaffected immigration is just one more thing nobody asked them about. This is what makes the issue an especially potent it combines the resentful energies of economic and hatred of a remote and unaccountable political elite. And the leaders of the new far right have learned to wield it effectively. They know better than to let themselves be as Pen as or racists. In the new majority Marine Pen hopes to build is strikingly similar to the coalition that brought the campaign victory. In a park near town hall in and activists from a group named Retake railed against the mayor. They blamed her for the growth of the tent city known as the which sat three miles east of the town until it was dismantled this month. who govern us are completely against us. The who can do whatever they they told me. For even Marine Pen is resettlement take refugees away from to other parts of as dozens of buses have in the past week since the destruction of the they would not be any happier. sending them to all the little villages in says After they start to open businesses and bring family two years the village will be v the birth of populism John B The Long Read Read a mile down the the ferry terminal lies behind layers of tall steel fences and coiled barbed wire. I met and the local on a blustery morning in outside the where they were anxiously awaiting a visiting dignitary. Giant seagulls circled and squawked above as they denounced the a member of Republicans she who has permitted a portly fumed. And it was he reminded who negotiated the notorious effectively moving the border to where we were standing. depends on tourism and revenues are down sharply. The result is crippling economic and social a doctor who wants to move to Find a surgeon who wants to move to exclaimed. work your whole you pay off your house and you lose money. Their support locally may have once been a protest said but no longer. we really have people who adhere to our was more say out loud what people think deep is an Open Society Fellow. His book on the rise of politics will be published by Nation Books in autumn 2017. Follow the Long Read on Twitter at or sign up to the long read weekly email long far 
Over the past President V. of has received two starkly different messages about hacking into computer networks from the current and future presidents of the United you and not even sure it was you. The White House confirmed in a statement on that eight days before the presidential the United States the government directly regarding malicious that was state It sent the message over a rarely used a connecting the Nuclear Risk Reduction Centers in both which they had agreed three years ago could also be employed to deal with major The warning only the latest after verbal cautions by President his defense secretary and the director of national intelligence was reported by The Post. The warnings to against further hacking into polling or registration or any further effort to affect the outcome of the are being hailed by the administration as a success in deterrence. After they a year and a half of hacking activity seemed to or and there is no evidence that voting or counting of ballots was disrupted on Election Day. But more than a few experts in deterring take a more skeptical view. They say the had already achieved their main to demonstrate how they could disrupt the electoral process with the leak of hacked including from the Democratic National Committee and campaign John D. suffered nothing worse than a they note no no counter no embarrassing revelations engineered by the United States. And he now has the satisfaction of dealing with J. who during the campaign praised promised to build a more productive relationship with and maintained there was no evidence that the were behind the hacking. anything wrong happens they like blame the Trump said in an 10 debate with know if the doing the hacking. Maybe there is no Trump contended that the allegations of activity were intended to for advocating a new relationship with He frequently repeated similar sentiments in the last weeks of the suggesting the hacking was a fabrication. The leaks of emails worked largely to his embarrassing Democratic leaders like Representative of who was forced to resign as the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee. larger strategic message is that the United States and need to cooperate on a range of issues. But for now the situation underscores the uncertainty around the world about the direction of foreign policy and gives the opportunity to exploit differences between the current president and his successor until Trump is inaugurated on 20. It is also raising the question of whether the White House pushed back hard enough when intelligence agencies concluded on 7 that officials could have authorized these A. a computer expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in dismissed the claim that it had deterred hacking. seems a little bold to claim this is a success for since the deterred from doing he said. hacking work was mostly complete. The issue now is whether they will be deterred in the and the guessing is they will not. Strong private warnings enough to constitute In the appear to have paid less of a price for their hacking around the election than North did for its attack on Pictures Entertainment in 2014. That attack melted down about 70 percent of computers and servers at its wreaking considerable and embarrassed many executives. It was in response to the release of a that imagined a plot to kill the North leader. After the the United States issued more sanctions against North and encouraged China to limit the all of which runs through switching centers. Many experts had expected the White House to follow a similar path with the White House concluded that the and the unstated suggestion that the United States had the power to reach inside networks and see the origin of might suffice. It is not clear if the administration plans any other actions against before departure from but that seems less and less likely. The 31 warning did not deal with the hacking of the Democratic National Committee or which R. Clapper the director of national had previously said was conducted with the knowledge of the leadership. it referred only to the concerns about hacking around the election process and the fear it was originating from though it stopped short of saying it was a attack.
As a fractious and often sordid presidential campaign reaches its may be reflecting upon the grim irony that it is who has provided what could be the miserable demands give details on latest email inquiry Read predilection for sending sexually laden text messages derailed his career in Congress and his chances of becoming mayor of New but his in the 11th hour of the presidential race may yet trigger the greatest political carnage of appearance comes in an election already defined by allegations of inappropriate sexual by former president Bill and by the Republican called on the to explain its announcement that it was reviewing a new batch of emails relating to after a review of her use of a private email server was closed in the said had been in her use of a private server while secretary of but said there were no grounds for a criminal investigation. On he said in a letter to members of Congress that the bureau would analyze newly discovered emails that to be pertinent to the Republicans were quick to the move as a of the investigation into a description Democrats was later reported that the new emails came from an cellphone and laptop seized by the and previously shared by and his estranged wife a top campaign and the administration have been left bewildered by the latest less than two weeks before the with involvement rubbing salt into the wound. John campaign letter refers to emails that have come to light in an unrelated but we have no idea what those emails are and the director himself notes they may not even be significant. oh I should not comment not a big fan. I before he got in is extraordinary that we would see something like this just 11 days out from a presidential was more telling in an interview broadcast on oh I should not comment on not a big fan. I before he got in is being investigated by the and police in North over text messages sent to a girl. In the wake of the latest allegations against who has herself been a target for criticism from Republicans for some separated from She has continued in her role as closest ally on the campaign seen as a rising Democratic was forced to resign from Congress in 2011 after he sent a picture of his clad in his boxer to a student via Twitter. After he initially denied involvement in the further pictures sent by emerged and he stepped at the urging of redemptive quest to become mayor of his New gained traction in with several polls showing he had a decent chance of beating the longtime ally Bill the man who would eventually get the Democratic nomination and win the election in a landslide. campaign was wounded after he admitted that a picture of his which appeared on the was in fact his. had sent the picture to a woman he made contact with after leaving using the now infamous alias in his interactions with a statement at the said that other texts and photos were likely to come and today they have. These things that I did were wrong and hurtful to my wife and caused us to go through challenges in our marriage that extended past my resignation from behavior is behind me. apologized to and am grateful that she has worked through these issues with me and for her initially spoke in defense of but the former election hopes were further tarnished after he admitted sending sexually explicit messages to several other women. Another low point arrived when was continually asked is wrong with during an excruciating live interview with the host shown in an eponymous documentary released earlier this refused to bow out of the race despite the anguish of his staff and who often looked on in silence as her husband attempted to extricate himself from the scandal. was subjected to taunts from the public and became embroiled in a argument with a voter who had criticized his marriage an my What rabbi taught you campaign ended in high farce. The candidate was crushed with just of the vote and was forced to dodge a woman who said she had received sexual messages from while giving his concession speech. The documentary showed the candidate scrambling through a restaurant to enter the adjoining building for his speech in order to avoid who was waiting outside as part of a media stunt. Twitter Trump gleefully responds to new probe into who has become an increasingly public figure in her own right as top announced her separation from in August long and painful consideration and work on my and have a young split was expected to mark the end of the saga in what will view as a cruel communications have become an issue again at the worst possible time for the former secretary of review mayoral motormouth makes for painfully compelling viewing Read there is no evidence the emails involve as a sender or the new investigation has allowed Trump to pounce. Last the Republican nominee said was a and a security risk due to his proximity to through a gleeful Trump told a rally that the welcomed the new investigation and that the system not be as rigged as I The developments have helped bolster Trump at a time of plummeting poll numbers that have provoked unproven claims by the real estate tycoon that the election is being fraudulently taken from 2016 election now faces the prospect of being defined by the sexual of three and Bill who has appeared with women who accuse former president of inappropriate sexual has been accused by several women of making unwanted advances and has boasted on tape and on camera of grabbing women by the genitals and getting away with due to his wealth and fame. elections 
Student Years Until graduated from grad school in the year of the global financial crisis. Known for congratulated me on my graduation and recent engagement with a letter informing me that my monthly payment of nearly would be due just in time for the holidays. I grieved over the thought of making these payments. Then I acknowledged the immensity of my wiped my tears and sent our wedding guests the equivalent of a breakup wedding No no sign of no happily ever after. Just desperately to relieve myself of debt as quickly as I scheduled automatic loan payments. I diligently paid my monthly student loan payments for six consecutive years without ever placing my student loans on deferment or forbearance. I operated under the pretense that if I did what I was to go to obtain a pay my debts the universe would reward me for my valiant efforts by extending a concession. The Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program was the answered prayer I thought would help lift the burden of student loan debt. Or at least lessen the spent most of my career working for organizations earning an annual income that is incontestably considering that my total student loan debt is equal to the cost of a modest starter home in certain parts of the United States. My grandmother's death saved me from a life of debt Read problem with loan debt is unlike a starter it offer equity or shelter. it is often the exploitative product of families and desperation and the willingness to protect industries at the expense of the millions of students who are beholden to exorbitant interest hidden fees and inescapable private in the does not automatically make me eligible for but deceptive marketing and my own despair made me buy into that idea. I believed that was a reward for taking the advice of guidance teachers and who navigated me towards this career. With the help of a representative who reviewed my loan confirmed my eligibility and helped consolidate the majority of my loans into one monthly payment that resulted into a substantial I was officially enrolled in the my initial payment under the loan forgiveness program was gratifying. Never had I been so excited to pay a bill. After six years of two monthly automatic payments of and with no end in making one payment of half that amount for only four more years until all was forgiven was a blessing it After my initial payment under the program I received an email informing me that my payment had been increased by over despite having a income. The was that the payment increase was less glaring than what it would have been if my recent household been reduced to one after my recent layoff. Tell us about your life in the how do you survive with Read started in 2008 as a United States financial crisis had morphed into a 2014 personal financial crisis that offered fewer life preservers than before. I had become my primary breadwinner. I had a child I had to clothe and an almost inoperable car I afford to replace and the unwavering audacity to want a quality of life. Knowing that for over six years I had paid a cumulative amount of over in student loan interest and that a program designed to help public servants was instead confining me to indefinite resuscitated the tears I had wiped away in 2008. This time I attempt to wipe them I called the placed my loan on forbearance for the first time since my grace period ended in 2008 and resigned to the fact that perhaps my teenage college dreams would have served me better had they been life in the 
I signed up to take a bus to canvass voters on behalf of the Democratic party in two days before the election because of fear. Fear of a Trump presidency. Fear that I could have tried harder. Fear that if the worst it would be my day with Trump like a Read did you do in the I imagined my nephews in a world. I went to so that at least I could on a in early I knocked on some hardly your typical hardcore supporter. I do want her to be the next president of the United but not yet peeled the buy sticker off my laptop. For most of the the lack of excitement I felt about was enough to keep me from getting more involved. I care that she was bad at managing email so am to be fair but I just inspired by her then I became anxious. In I was not alone. As the election across there are reports of rising anxiety in people opposed to Trump especially people of people and children. I posted on did anyone else want to deal with their anxiety by coming to knock on doors in the nearest swing state to where we live in My friend offered to join me. Even she offered to drive us from to in her car so we could leave seats on the campaign bus for other year on the US election campaign an irresistible Read we arrived at the field office in the neighborhood of in a tall young man at the door signed us in. a he indicating a big roll of designed for lapels. Then he gave us our we were to only talk to registered voters who planned to vote for and not try to change the minds of Trump supporters. Our job was to ensure that everyone knew how to get to their polling place on and to remind them to bring ID and vote early. If they seemed unsure about their our script directed us to say can certainly understand not being and to choose one of three reasons why we had decided to support her support for children and families. Her preparation and experience. The fact that never quits anything she believes and fighting when she gets knocked None of the reasons had to do with being terrified of was once home to the shad fishing industry. many of the in the town are still decorated with fishy but they house young groups of cohabiting roommates. The people in the neighborhood we covered were predominately know these demographics in part because this is the nature of in a couple of you get an unprecedented window into the homes of the strangers who open their doors to you. Roommates sitting around coffee tables. Some foyers were lit with fancy others with modest lamps in paper shades. A woman drinking a beer and making a delicate very few people had doorbells. Maybe obsolete devices in an era where no one stops by unexpectedly. Showing up unannounced is an act of social awkwardness in 2016. Many folks answer their doors to us. Why would We stuck notes by their doorknobs with details to remind them to five scenarios that could play out Read and I divided the work. I talked. She identified houses and tracked responses and directions on the clipboard. Some people we spoke to were happy to see us. doing great Some people were less happy. talked to ten of you in the last few said a woman in a house with jaunty autumnal decorations in her before shutting her door. This is the burden that people living in and other swing states must carry for all of relinquishing their right to a quiet afternoon at home two days before the election. One household erected a friendly it in buoyant wait to elect the first female president ... Please skip our door and go knock where needed. Thank you for all your hard It was signed with a in was rosy and beautiful. and I finished all of the houses on our list 74 and started to walk back to the office. The streets were mostly quiet. Two men walked past across the street. gonna vote for one called pulling on his sleeve. said the not gonna vote for We shook our heads. Our work was elections 
New has experienced hundreds of aftershocks some of them severe as efforts continue to reach people trapped in the coastal town of in the South the 12 hours from to on the official recorded 313 taking the total since the initial magnitude 7.5 quake to pm 25 in the last 313 since 6 am today and 1212 since the Earthquake. said reconnaissance flights over affected areas had indicated that between 80,000 and 100,000 landslides had occurred as a result of the of people remain stranded in the coastal town of north of which has no road access. Four air force helicopters have airlifted more than 130 people out of the but reports say it could be four days before all those who want to leave are evacuated. is on its way to the town to deliver supplies and carry out further of central Wellington close to parliament is cordoned off and buildings including New Red Cross headquarters have been evacuated as a office block is in danger of collapse. Fire chief described it as a clear structural failure a vertical beam in the building has been looks somewhat like a broken block separating from main building came as torrential rain and winds battered the flooding roads and forcing residents of the Valley from their confirmed death toll from the initial quake remains at two. Officials said there were a number of people but not from local civil and emergency management groups will spend tonight door to door to check on in affected communities that have not yet received director of civil has New prime John revealed he had missed a call from the US while dealing with the aftermath of the I see the call when it came in the burly of things I two cows and a calf made famous after they were filmed stranded on a tiny pillar of land have been rescued. Cows stranded on after New earthquake aerial video More from fire region about the teetering building in We have a clear structural failure. caused that will be determined clear structural failure is a major a vertical beam in the has been looks somewhat like a broken bone in the leg. It is fractured is a major supporting beam. It is up above the fifth so it is the top four floors. Associated Press has this latest on the situation in Wellington buildings in the of New capital have been evacuated and some streets cordoned off after engineers determined that a building is in danger of two days after a powerful earthquake shook the the regional commander for the New Fire said engineers were completing an inspection of the downtown Wellington office building on when they found that a major vertical beam had failed above the fifth said that building is at significant risk of said the building was empty when the quake struck overnight on said the buildings that were evacuated include the local headquarters for the Red Cross and the embassy. Another strong aftershock magnitude 5.7 has just shaken the quake causing strong shaking near 2016 Some readers below the line and on social media have asked whether the could have been a factor in the Crane 15 2016 interesting and maybe significant is that the unusually close Perigee full moon was right overhead when the first quake struck. Tidal forces pulling on an unstable Very sorry that is having to go through all this upheaval what has to say about Some people have raised concerns about a link with the In large groups earthquakes exhibit slight associations with lunar but this is not reliable for have two tides a day throughout New and at any one place there is no clear association in occurrence of the full moon around the globe does not allow us to say how when and where any earthquake might be. dinner time in from where Red Cross worker sends this the crayfish. The crayfish is really at the welfare salad and sausage 2016 Street in the central business district and just round the corner from the parliament remains closed amid fears a building could reports suggest the building in question is 61 an office block currently advertising space for ad describes it An office tower to be extensively refurbished and strengthened to Building block separating from main building 2016 John the New prime missed a call from US Trump while dealing with the aftermath of the 7.5 magnitude earthquake that struck on was calling Key as part of his first phase of reaching out to world leaders during his transition to the White office set up the call with Key in but the prime minster was caught up with the fallout from the natural disaster and missed the phone explained the diplomatic pas to the New What happened was there was a bit of a discussion between my office and his office on the about a strictly sure when the was going to they said it was in the next couple of see the call when it came in the burly of things I then made contact with our foreign affairs people and and said they had tried to call and been said another call had been set up for PM misses call from Trump in following earthquake Read more reports that in the 12 hours from to on there were 313 quakes across New concentrated around that vulnerable area of the South took the total number of earthquakes since the on to pm 25 in the last 313 since 6 am today and 1212 since the Earthquake. has since been another strong aftershock close to quake causing strong shaking near 2016 Reports have varied on the strength of the initial quake that struck shortly after midnight on own monitoring has measured the earthquake as magnitude 7.5 what we at the Guardian have decided to use in our reporting for other including the United States Geological Survey have it at how describes the We have currently established that the New local magnitude for this earthquake is but this may be reviewed over time when more detailed research is undertaken. This may bring it closer to the value by the US Geological The headquarters of the New Red Cross are right next to the building in Wellington that is threatening to collapse and staff have now been in Wellington has been immediately evacuated. The building next door collapsing and in danger of falling on us 50 Red Cross personnel are working in and with workers also helping those stranded by flooding in the Wellington region. director of civil has just been briefing the media on the latest information from the ministry of civil and emergency management Staff from local groups in and and other affected communities by going to be going door to door to check on national relief effort is she the worst affected water and fuel are required in and she said there would be coordinated efforts to get support into areas other than and that local agencies want to hear from we may not have 130 people have now been evacuated from with rescue efforts weather in Wellington The rest of New is still operating as she asked that New respect local advice and prepare for We urge caution about approaching buildings that have been did not have specific details on the city building currently thought to be at risk of collapse in Wellington. a closer view of that Wellington the surrounding area has been evacuated over fears the building is unstable and could got stopped by police on St Wellington with a building's glass facade about to peel off. 2016 A section of central business district close to the parliament has been cordoned off amid fears a building there is at risk of Street has been and nearby buildings evacuated. Engineers are currently assessing the Politics cordon has been set around this Wellington building amid concerns it could collapse. St closed too 2016 The civil emergency management group for which covers the stranded town of declared a state of emergency on mayor of Mayors are united in their support for the people of and and we believe by declaring a state of local emergency in we are in better position to coordinate support across the region. stadium has confirmed although it has suffered no major structural some repairs are needed and this game will be statement on its website a detailed engineering stadium has been cleared of major structural damage. The stadium closed its doors yesterday as a precautionary measure following the 7.5 earthquake early on and the ground level of the public car reopened on However the internal concourse and seating bowl remain closed until repairs have been completed. These repairs are expected to take two weeks to a Football Federation of in consultation with the Wellington Phoenix and the has made the decision to postpone this fixture between Phoenix and Victory included burst water concrete cracking and broken windows and some liquefaction on the stadium ring road. The mezzanine level car park will remain closed until repairs are conducted on the car park reports that China is taking its own steps to evacuate some of its citizens from stricken chartered four helicopters to evacuate around 40 mostly elderly and from late on said an official at the consulate in One national had been treated for a minor head injury in and around 60 others would be evacuated on have been trapped in for a couple of some are maybe they have some mental told Many planned to continue journeys to other parts of New said. Reader from emails to say that she and her partner were holidaying in Wellington when the first quakes We are currently staying at the hotel on the seventh floor. I woke up at midnight local time last night as I felt a slight tremor. By the time I woke the room was really beginning to went to the window to look outside and as soon as he crossed the room the full brunt of the earthquake hit and he was thrown across the room. The noise from the earthquake was it was incredibly at the same time we could also see bright white flashes outside from power lines being ripped apart. It lasted 30 seconds but it felt a lot ran down the emergency exit and it felt like something out of a ceilings were falling cracks were rapidly appearing in the walls and the water pipes had burst so water was pouring down from the ceilings and flooding the corridors. The hotel staff were brilliant and we all sat outside waiting for the the tsunami siren starting ringing. A lot of people fled to Mount but this caused gridlock on the roads. We were given the to go back into the building at thinking we would be relatively safe on the seventh floor if a tsunami was to we have felt eight major all ranging from about 6.6. The hotel shakes and sways and the in Wellington looks like a ghost were having dinner when a 6.5 hit at local time. Seeing the restaurant and the high street outside swaying is something I will never forget. We been able to leave Wellington as our car is trapped in a car park which is waiting to be assessed before we are allowed to gain access. The front of the car park has were meant to be going over to today but the ferries have stopped as the ports have sustained major most amazing thing is that for such a powerful the damage caused is very minimal compared to the earthquake 2011. We woke up expecting devastation. Everybody has been extremely lucky. Tsunami safe level markings on roads on hills around Wellington.
the problem with used a private email situated in her New while she was secretary of from 2009 to 2013. She has admitted that this was a mistake. In the concluded that and her aides had been in their handling of classified information but should not face criminal charges. The issue has dogged the campaign for the with supporters of Republican rival Trump regularly her gets warrant as told he may have broken law Read just director alerted members of Congress to the existence of a new batch of emails he said could be to the investigation. As many as 650,000 messages were reportedly found on a laptop seized during an unrelated investigation of a former New congressman who is the estranged husband of longtime aide and separated after was caught in 2013 and again in 2016 sending women sexually explicit text messages and pictures of himself undressed. Federal authorities in New and North are investigating communications between and a girl. Senior officials at the Department of Justice expressed concern that decision to inform Congress would be inconsistent with protocols designed to avoid the appearance of interference in an election. But the director went is in the know. himself cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be Those mails with a connection to server could merely be duplicates of emails already Or they could contain a smoking gun that compromises even after the election. On the obtained a warrant to begin reviewing the newly discovered emails. The process will not be finished before election was the reaction to less than two weeks before a presidential drew harsh criticism from Democrats and even some Republicans. At an event in called actions and campaign launched an war on Chairman John providing selective allowed partisans to distort and exaggerate in order to inflict maximum political damage and no one can separate what is true from what is not because has not been forthcoming with the The wider Democratic establishment also weighed four senators demanded a briefing from and nearly 100 former Department of Justice officials and both Republican and Democratic and led by the former attorney general signed a letter Trump was elated. never thought we were going to say to the Republican presidential nominee told a rally in abuse his nearly 100 former officials his actions in their open which was released by the campaign. letter is inconsistent with prevailing department and it breaks with longstanding practices followed by officials of both parties during past they another scathing letter to the Democratic Senate minority Harry of accused him of clear intent to aid one party over another. am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch which bars officials from using their official authority to influence an wrote. your partisan you may have broken the chief White House ethics lawyer from 2005 to said he had filed a complaint against the for a possible violation of the Hatch is the Hatch in it forbids anyone in the executive branch from the president or from using his or her official position to engage in political activity. head of the US Office of Special wrote in the New Times five years its prevents people in political power from abusing their positions. It prohibits coercion by a government supervisor such as pressuring employees to volunteer for or contribute to a campaign and shields the civil service and the federal workplace from the housing was found to have violated the Hatch Act when he expressed support for is less blatantly partisan and a case against him would be tough to prove in Republican congressman Trey told Fox News on is laughable that committed a violation of the Hatch Act. I actually know what the Hatch Act a selective reading of the he the president of the United States actively campaigning on company time for another candidate to be president of the United States is not a violation of the Hatch then how is supplementing the record and telling the truth to Congress a violation of the Hatch knows that this is not a why did do lose the US election because of the email Read told colleagues in a memo on he was aware his letter was at risk of being but felt obliged to notify Congress about the new emails after having told lawmakers that the matter was closed. There have been reports that some members of the were in revolt over earlier decision not to recommend charges against and that he feared word of the new email investigation would leak to the leading to accusations of a especially if it happened after 8 He therefore regarded going public now as the least worst these events affect the election but not probable. More than 23 million people have already voted and there is little evidence of movement so far. still has a lead over according to a Consult poll conducted after intervention. And a survey of likely voters across 13 battleground states showed that only of supporters were less likely to vote for her after the announcement. Her campaign said its own volunteers had been fired up and this would kill any danger of complacency. Trump believes he has some fresh momentum from a saga he has described as than Whichever candidate is dominating the headlines tends to find their poll ratings going down. probably has enough of a cushion but the bombshell might yet affect tight races for the House and This article was amended on 1 2016. An earlier version described Harry as the House minority he is leader of the Democrats in the elections 
The Coalition government will crack down on foreign workers by forcing them to leave within 60 days instead of 90 if they lose their as Labor sells its own policy of a crackdown on foreign workers in north the measure will come into effect from 19 also comes as rural Liberals reminded both sides that 457 visa holders are essential for shortages in rural and regional The immigration Peter said the measure was designed to ensure the 457 program fulfilled the intention of supplementing rather than substituting the change is about reducing competition from overseas workers for those who are actively looking for new temporary parent visa threatens to create Read change was announced fewer than 24 hours after Liberal National party MP for wrote to the prime minister calling for a total ban on 457 visas in central and north said the regulation had been gazetted in He said Labor had extended the period once employment ceased to 90 days in 2013. also wrote to the deputy prime and the ministers for employment and requesting a moratorium on in the region hardest hit by the mining explosion of 457 workers that we saw under the Labor which peaked in saw many foreigners come to the region to take up jobs and many of those workers wrote on his has caused considerable resentment and public backlash in a community where workers have lost jobs and cannot find new 457 temporary work skilled visas are designed to filled temporary skills shortages and require sponsorship by an approved business and proof of skills to fill the position. Once the visa holder can work in for up to four bring in family to work or study and travel in and out of the country as often as they desire. If a job the visa holder must find new work within 90 days or the visa is Under Coalition that period would be cut to 60 days from 19 Tony Liberal MP for the South seat of said it was dangerous to foreign workers such as 457 visa who filled critical needs in rural and regional need a balanced particularly in regional areas they often fill critical needs whether it is at the hospital or on the factory needs to be conversation to make sure the system enjoys integrity and is fit for purpose but simply foreign such as health workers who make a difference in regional is said he had received an emails from constituents who were worried that a Coalition MP had called for 457 visas to be stopped. Of one from he said while the system has to have these visas a the former Liberal MP for who lives in said 457 visa holders were essential to fill temporary shortages in regional economies and both Labor and stance on the But dog whistles on 457. How proud must He is on unity ticket with One said that in one family had arrived as doctors and nurses and their community quickly grew to 160 people from the same district filling many health roles. now have an festival and we are proud to have them here and when you start pointing the finger you want to be bloody said the rush to politics was a mistake and an ugly look for think Trump it just shows what a shit candidate said. should not have been looked but this is an ugly look for Bill Shorten immediately claimed credit for the 457 visa saying had worked out the people want to people getting question you have to ask of Peter and as they are doing their window their fake support for workers is when Labor proposed to help improve the governance of the regulation of the visa system to make sure were getting looked after and not ripped off and they voted Shorten Shorten vows Labor will crack down on 457 visa program Read only reason they are trying to play catch up politics now is because they know Labor is the prime minister said Shorten was completely hypocritical on the issue. is just a distraction on the part of Shorten designed to cover up the divisions in the Labor party on the fundamental issue of national security and border Shorten should stop his hypocritical complaints about skilled migration and stand with the government in saying no to illegal saying no to people has committed to vote against the proposed lifetime visa ban on refugees on and immigration and 
A movement is growing to bring together women across creed and political beliefs by luring them off social media and arranging for them to meet in person. a nice but one The March on is being organized on the preferred platform to battle over politics and just about everything else. The timing of the which organizers began planning the morning after the election but are careful not to call a is aimed at the coming administration of J. Trump. More than 100,000 people have said on that they will travel to the capital to participate. The plan is to walk from the Memorial to the White House on the morning after inauguration. doing it his very first day in office because we are making a one said. marginalized groups you attacked during your We are here and we are watching. to the White Since Election there has been momentum around supporting groups that are opposed to espoused views on women and minority groups. Nonprofit including the Planned Parenthood Federation of and the Civil Liberties have reported a surge in donations after the election. But the election taught that women are deeply divided along party education level and 53 percent of white women voted for according to exit poll data. On the march it is easy to see how complicated the idea of the an already mythological has and how difficult it might be for organizers to fulfill their aim of gathering women who remain fiercely divided on reproductive gun marriage and among other issues. Not everyone on the page for that would have made a good or that K. a chief strategist under holds divisive views about minorities. Debates over both have sprung up in recent days. Bob one of the march said in an email that organizers in had to change a page from public to private to protect the safety of women who want to attend. a yoga teacher from who is helping efforts to organize for the said the group had nixed a possible idea for a slogan rights are and rights are human because it was something that once said. is not an Ms. said. is the reaction of women and minorities across the world who are very disturbed by the rhetoric that was said over the last year and a Aside from dueling political organizers are trying to take feedback from a cacophony of voices in real time as they try to assemble a network of state plan programming and arrange transportation and lodging for the event. Ms. a chef who is organizing the event in her spare said the march had no official means of funding yet. There are women on the page who have said that the march is not inclusive and that they want an event organized by white women. Ms. Butler acknowledged the criticism but stressed that the women who are organizing are from different racial and religious backgrounds. was even controversy over the original Organizers have changed the name from Million Woman March to the March on because observers took issue with the fact that the original name echoed a black march held in in Ms. said the greater concern would be helping local groups raise money to help women who afford to travel to reality is that incredibly expensive to fly to on inauguration Ms. Butler said. want only an class of people at this march because no one else can afford to St. who plans to help sign up attendees by visiting synagogues and community centers in New said she had been working to include all types of people including those who have not been on lately. am a woman of color and I am an said Ms. St. who lives in She said of the it has been completely This is all plenty of pressure for a movement without a concrete path to funding but organizers are optimistic as they look ahead to According to Ms. the request for a permit to march is still pending. On a spokesman for the National Park said in an email that the request to march is one of at least 13 requests currently under review for areas the agency administers in the capital. Those also include rallies and demonstrations. said the Park Service was also reviewing five requests for official inauguration events.
founding now chief executive and we founded 50 years reaching the first round proper of the FA Cup would have been nothing more than a wild dream. Getting to this stage has been a memorable starting on 6 August in the extra preliminary round against Swifts. We needed a penalty to win 4-3 and that slender win has mushroomed into something very special. The logistics and arrangements put in place this week before our tie with are all new for us as a club. There is an enormous amount of work to be done. Football Focus will be live at the ground and there will be extended highlights on Match of the and something we have never been involved in something we would never have expected in 1966. I was only 16 and all my pals were around the same age. We were in awe of England winning the World Cup and would play football on the street or any empty bit of grass and it matter if it was with a tennis ball or a punctured plastic ball. Bobby and Martin Peters were heroes to us back so we went out and bought the West Ham kit and still play in those Joy of FA Cup first round memories Read things along with who was the and a guy called and we played regularly on a morning. cycle to the local park and play friendlies but at the end of the 1966 season we decided to play in the League. Gradually it has grown from now have the first a second team and 10 junior teams. We have a wonderful headquarters and which was opened by Brooking back in 2004 but this run has catapulted us from local to international have been phone calls from journalists interested in our story and requests for tickets from all over the three phones on my desk and all been going nonstop. expecting about 1,000 but unfortunately our are at home and they get crowds of so that might keep a few away from us. Even it will be our biggest day. It is made all the sweeter by the entire club being run by volunteers. Nobody on the committee gets paid and we all do it out of our love for the has been a memorable journey but we are being positive and looking to go through again. We could have lost any of those games but here and hoping to progress further. Whenever we do go whether this weekend or we will look back on it as the most memorable and historic piece of the 50 also looking to the future and hopefully this the last time at this stage. Twitter on their way to beating at Park. FA via Town FA Cup is a big deal but I think this is the pinnacle for us because of the success the club has had in They won the FA Vase in 2013 and earned promotion last season. The main aim this season was to get promoted again but this is still a nice bonus for us. At the same time the club will gain financially and it is a nice morale boost for the lads to get through a few rounds and then to play in a big have any fear going down to from County although not sure it is as big an advantage playing them when as some people think. They are still a League One team. not mugs and it matter if they playing well. not worth our time thinking about their managerial situation and there is the risk of a backlash from too. not fancied but we just need to go and do our best and see what preparing right and down the night before. such a big everyone enjoys playing in the cup. You try to prepare in a similar way but you get a bit longsighted when the draw is made especially if you get a big actually scored in the opening qualifying a 5-3 win over Borough. I took a in my own it took a heavy bounce and went over the head of the opposing goalkeeper. Twitter scores an against first few weeks were a bit crazy after it. My phone never stopped but calmed down now. Looking back you their poor but not something that happens a lot and there was such a novelty factor about it. At the time it was when you score everyone is at the end the ball goes in celebrating but after I scored everyone came down to me. In that situation the opposition were free to when they wanted. So we were all still celebrating when the game would be nice to be celebrating again but it is going to be a big test. We be putting ourselves under any pressure because nobody expects us to advance but going to give it our best shot and hope for the Town John been a fan of Town since the so for about 60 years all in all. 74 now and say this is one of the biggest games I can remember for the been to the first round of the cup once back in the We played which I think we lost 3-1 after being 1-0 up. Apart from that we won the FA Vase at in that was a match is certainly quite a conversation piece in the town. I think got to be a bit done well to get this far. beaten two National League sides but now talking about a team only four places away from the Football League. On the with a bit of got a chance. But if a betting man you put money on Twitter The League match between Town and at the Stadium earlier this week. Harry go to the games with two all been going the same length of time. We used to play local football together years ago. We usually stand in the same at the left hand side of the goal on the concrete bank. no name for the end but pretty handy for getting a cup of tea at a very good bond between players and fans here. The players go around and applaud the fans after the though I suspect the manager is probably telling them United to the first round of the FA Cup is the holy grail for our club. our objective for the season because of what it the rewards it brings. Last year we made the first round and beat Bristol Rovers. fantastic to replicate that and visit do I remember about the Bristol I remember the anticipation of going to a pro the atmosphere in the the size of the crowd. But the stuff that happened after the something remember for the rest of my days. of people had come to welcome us home. I was staggered that it meant so much to so many tried to ban all talk of the cup until this week to keep minds focused because the league is our bread and butter. But if honest we do step it up for the cup. We try to look at the opposition two or three been given and scouting reports that got our hands on. extended the training sessions so that the whole squad has a clear understanding of what we want. be doing things slightly differently from normal because got to be a little more conscious of the threats. Twitter celebrates win at Bristol Rovers last season. love pitting my wits against the professionals and the players enjoy it too. got two League players in my Purse and 44 now but in amazing condition. got experienced so while the anticipation and excitement is just put a lid on it. That enjoy the occasion. get a luxury coach from to the match and have breakfast at the club. They might not seem like big things but that little bit different and certainly looking forward to Martin supervising and rewarded with home ties in FA Cup first round Read history of our club goes back to 1892. They used to play on a farm in Surrey and the pitch was called The story goes the farmer used to let them change in the adjacent orchard. a photo you can see in the clubhouse of the team in all wearing flat caps and a dog running round. That field is now the have anybody or anything at all at the club so when I first had to get the pitch done I used to call a farmer and ask him to cut it. As we went up the I you had to do this stuff for yourself. Later the FA emailed and said been nominated for a award and could they see my equipment. I have a lawnmower or anything but we kept a reasonable ground so we won a little award. Later I applied for a grant from the FA and bought a tractor for key to a healthy pitch is one of those people that looks and have a look at in a professional match and be six or eight men out on the pitch with forks. They do that for a reason. If grass roots are turned over they grow again. It costs to redo the pitch every you want to be adding to that cost. So been out the pitch ahead of game with Oxford. probably harrow it with the tractor too. Twitter A sign advertising the FA Cup tie between and Oxford United at FA Cup is a massive game for and it will be the full focus for our paper this week. Usually our match preview would be about all the teams in the area but this time it was just about We also wrote a news story about the team training on beach. Twitter Sanders. No would definitely say a rivalry between and only 40 miles from each other and in 2010 beat to the National League North title. We ran an interview with new goalkeeper last week and even he called it a local are in the National League and are in League One so a difference in pedigree but a big occasion for sure. Especially because televised. have gone four games unbeaten and have moved out of the relegation so in their best period of form for a while. The players are starting to respond to the new manager so say the game has come at a good This article was corrected on 4 to state that beat to the National League not the other way 
The space suit is only a few layers of plastic and metallic material. a very thin plastic shield covering your a few your visor. Between your body and the other side of that plastic visor is instant an amazing outside in the cosmos. Life in space is very interesting. in some ways similar to Earth busy and you have a schedule you have to follow but one overriding thing that is unlike anything on and that is weightlessness. Two crewed space stations now orbiting Earth Read is like this force. It just envelops everything. Everything floats. The instant that the rocket engines shut down on your space you were born on you had a year or two to learn how to and really three or five years to learn how to walk and run. But when an the second the engines shut you have to learn how to float. There is a steep learning most astronauts are learning for several weeks and often a month or two before you get as good as you a fun process. You move with your hands and you carry things with your which is the opposite of how we were designed on Earth. It was really for lack of a better to learn how to do food in space is actually pretty good much better than what I cook by myself. also fruit oranges they look pretty bad because kind of but they smell amazing. The space station is this sterile very plastic and metal and every never any ever messy. always like a very sterile. So great to have smells from day I was floating through and I heard a bird chirping and I the heck is and I stopped and I went back. The psychologist had sent an file with sounds from and he was listening to birds chirp while he exercised. We had a rain sound sent up and I spent about a month going to bed at night with my headset just listening to rain as I fell asleep. Twitter Moon over the South China photographed from the International Space Station. Terry weekend we took all the laptops in the station probably 20 or 30 laptops and we put rain on through and all weekend it rained. It was really cool at first but by night we were like enough so we went around and turned the rain is a big part of life in space because and when weightless your muscles and bones atrophy. So they have this exercise protocol of running on a you put on a shoulder and bungees that pull you down. The treadmill is on the wall. You have to learn how to run in this weird but over time I got to a point where I could run very which was really cool. a bike which is interesting because no handlebars and no just some pedals. You just kind of float there and and watch your show. After 200 days of more than half of a I came back to Earth and had lost of my bone density. I was amazed. To the space station had shown that humans can live and work in space for a long period of time at least 200 days and come back to Earth in great shape. While I was in passed away from Star Trek. We were doing these space three space walks in a and my friend from emailed me and gotta do something for So I ran down to the I did the I took a and I tweeted the background there is which just happens to be his home down. Terry a fighter pilot we had a rather be lucky than good. And this was an example of that. It was just completely it was not I just happened to take this picture with home town in the background. It was a wonderful piece of fate my first space I launched at four in the morning. Both my launches were at four in the morning. If ever going to a great time to go shoot for four in the the views are great. About 15 minutes later we were going over the North in the daylight and I saw this blue atmosphere. And I never seen that shade of blue never expected seeing a that I had never seen before but that was my first impression of Earth in the never seen that shade of blue Twitter seen from the International Space Station. Terry pictures of sunrises and sunsets never got but the camera does not capture them well enough. I want to learn how to paint so that I can paint what I we were in a rocket blew up the same one that launches crew. So they delayed our replacement crew while they did an investigation. We know how long we were going to be up there. But my mentality in going to enjoy and then have the rest of my life to be on Earth. And that just knowing that there would be an end to and to try to enjoy it while I you launch with a rocket filled with millions of pounds of rocket the word really apply. Even just being in space if a meteorite hits your spaceship and puts a big hole in all the air will go out. You live with the danger of that happening. In the space station there are three kinds of air leak or ammonia. And we had the ammonia alarm go off for the first time it had never happened in the history of the space station. our most serious alarm because ammonia is a very deadly chemical. They told us in you can smell worry about because going to how bad it is. That alarm went off. We spent several hours hiding on the side with the hatch closed because the use only the side does thinking that the space station was possibly dead. Had there really been an ammonia leak it would have ended while we were there. It turned out a few hours later that it was a false alarm. But that was probably one of my most scary moments. The most amazing for was the lightning on Earth. One of my things to do in space was just to float. I would go into the which is this module that I had the privilege of installing in 2010 on a space shuttle flight. I would open up all the window shades if we were passing over or because there are all these amazing thunderstorms in the Pacific too. I would put on this song called Storms of put that on the speakers and I would let go of the handles and just watching these storms. kind of hard to recreate those moments. Sleeping in space is amazing. We had a sleeping bag and we had a little like a phone booth. I would get in my sleeping bag and zip it up. I sleep with my arms some people sleep with their arms sticking up. I would pull the sleeping bag over my and then I would not myself to the wall or put on the bungee I would just float in my little cabin. And every morning I would be turned around in a because the air flow would spin me around like that. meteorite recovered from farm in Western Read were a few times in space where I of Earth. I would dream of or or weather. Weather was something that I really missed a lot. Every once in a while it was really cool to dream of just something messy because the station was so sterile or some cold rain. Anything that was not sterile. The space station was a wonderful place to live on a great never anything wrong but sometimes you want something wrong. what makes us human. Space 
and Trump are sprinting towards the finish line of the most divisive and US presidential election of modern with polls showing has the new emails show no criminal wrongdoing Read to become the first female the Democrat will end her campaign with a rally in the battleground state of North at midnight on Republican candidate Trump will close his at that night with an event in Grand a state where he is hoping to pull off a huge a third of ballots at least across 48 states have been cast in early according to the Associated and the election still appears to be to lose. On she led Trump in a tracking in an Street Journal poll and in a Consult received a boost on with the release of a letter to Congress from director that said the bureau had found no evidence of wrongdoing by in its review of emails discovered during an investigation into charges against estranged husband of key aide The review related to use of a private email server while secretary of an issue over which the bureau had previously decided not to recommend an indictment. Twitter Voters cast their ballots during weekend early voting at a polling place in North on data suggest is not as strongly placed in electoral college projections as was at the same stage in 2012. is not a terribly safe leading pollster Silver of told This Week on electoral map is actually less solid for than it was for four years two candidates have fought an ugly battle to become the 45th dogged by controversies ranging from investigation into email use to sexual assault allegations against Trump. would be the first spouse of a president to reach the White House. at would be the oldest person to assume the both candidates and their surrogates set out on a whirlwind final 48 hours on the the wild card nature of candidacy made the map harder to read than usual. Among 10 rallies planned over the last two days were stops in which has not supported a Republican presidential nominee since and which has not gone to the since 1988. lost both states to Sanders in the Democratic a former adviser to told State of the are damp. There is a crack in the blue wall and it has to do with trade. This is the ghost of Trump campaign claimed enormous surge in momentum and in recent citing where the campaign said that in less than 24 hours it had 18,000 for a event that could hold 5,000 people. It now sees least six different to aides deputy campaign told have expanded the map. We are on We are going to places no one thought we would. an incredibly exciting time for our campaign. is on and her map is shrinking. We feel we are peaking at the right time as a has led every poll in but and Bill were all due to appear there before the vote. Trump campaign manager said such major political figures were now playing your in traditional Democratic feel very good about the fact that actually setting the landscape here and chasing us around in these blue she have seen our prospects improving in for quite a while now internally and we do see that now reflected in some of the public polling. We also like what we hear on the ground in ... and we trust the and brilliance of the they thought was in the Bill and would not be returning there today or insisted that was because there is no early voting in the so they want to fire up the base. campaign chair John told Meet the we hold on to if we hold on to then is going to be the next president of people vote on election day in so our schedule has been oriented toward being in the early vote states in the earlier period of time. We feel like got a lead in We want to hold on to and we think we can do has been widely condemned as a demagogue after calling for a temporary ban on entering the US and promising to build a wall on the branding immigrants as rapists and criminals. A 2005 video recording emerged in which he bragged about groping after which a dozen women came forward with claims of sexual assault and harassment. He has been by key members of his own party. Twitter just wanted to show a protester relives Trump attack at final days of his campaign were marked by a raucous incident in a rally in Reno on as Secret Service agents rushed the candidate from the stage. A protester named who was holding a against sign apparently sparked the confused told the Guardian Trump supporters attacked him after he walked to the front of the rally and held up the sign. someone shouted which led to law enforcement rushing Trump from the stage and briefly detaining accuses Trump of launching antisemitic ad Read said on told that he is a who has canvassed for and donated money to her told the Guardian he was a Republican and fiscal conservative but had canvassed a few with the campaign in because he wanted to do all he could to prevent a Trump presidency. He described Trump as textbook version of a dictator and a and who runs his social media a message that ran away from rain today. Trump is back on stage minutes after assassination No weapon was Trump rallies have long been marked by violence and they had been comparatively peaceful in recent months as the candidate has become increasingly scripted. Trump has turned his ire on celebrity supporters Jay Z and need and I need Jay he declared in a rodeo barn. He also Jay Z for lyrics in some of the songs performed at his night concert for in in the battleground state of language is nothing to compared to what Jay Z was doing last night and Trump language is like baby has appeared with other including and At a concert on told roughly 10,000 fans in her parents were lifelong Republicans. not about where you come about what you grow she also made his first explicit accusations of voter fraud in the 2016 election. Only minutes before the incident that caused Secret Service agents to rush him from the stage in he being reported certain key Democratic polling locations in County were kept open hours and hours beyond closing time to bus and bring Democratic voters a rigged a rigged he to loud before going to beat Twitter never used language as bad as Jay in my was apparently referring to a Las supermarket where most of whom were stood in line for hours to vote on night. The length of lines meant that the early voting site did not close until words echoed allegations by the chair of the Republican who claimed before Trump took the night in they kept a poll open until 10 at night so a certain group can vote You feel free right You think this is a free and easy I was beaten for holding a against sign Read Republican nominee has long made baseless and vague accusations of voter At the final presidential he declined to say whether he would accept the result of the his Mike told Fox News campaign has made it very clear that a clear both sides will accept. But I think both campaigns have also been very clear that in the event of disputed they reserve all rights and the frantic final 48 hours on the both and Trump will be in New City on election with the Democrats having reportedly booked a firework display and the tycoon billing his planned event at a hotel as a did not purchase fireworks because planning for a victory but working really hard toward it and not just assuming elections 
My husband and I missed a connecting Airways flight from to in because of a late flight from When we got to we were told there another flight until the next which would have meant missing two days of our said that if we wanted to get the overnight ferry we could book it and claim the money back. I did just providing receipts of plus bus fares and meals. Eight days later I received an email from customer services saying it reimburse but what told me about your delayed I absolutely agree let you I was offered the refund due on your unused plus towards expenses. I started making this claim but was required to agree at the outset to whatever amount was and that this would be I queried this and later received an email and saying that my details had been given to the refunds and that I could contact them by letter. I did including photocopies of the unused which cost each. was deposited in my account with no explanation for how this was arrived at. My letter was even marked gone monetary shortfall is not but I am unhappy at our late arrival having had little sleep and not being able to use our hotel and dinner. I believe this is a suitable refund for something that was not of our making and avoidable by Last week we highlighted the leap in complaints about in our reflecting an apparent dramatic decline in its customer service. What is strange is that after initially agreeing that it had let you it made you jump through numerous hoops to get the refund it admitted you were entitled seems to us that the timing of this flight was too tight to allow you to and the flight is habitually late. explained to you the rather complicated refund and although it apparently offered you the opportunity to rebook for the next day on the next available we can understand why this was has since agreed to refund the difference between what you claimed and what you have already reiterating that it would on this cover the ferry tickets as well. It try to be as flexible as possible when a connection is missed as a result of a delayed and always offer customers the opportunity to travel on the next available welcome letters but cannot answer individually. Email us at or write to Consumer the 90 Please include a daytime phone 
AT THE a weekend of exhaustive remembrance ceremonies during which several football matches broke find themselves on the summit of the Premier League for the first time since May 2014 as the club game pauses briefly for another quiet period of reflection on the next World Cup and the efforts of various countries to qualify for it. The day after imperious had swatted entertainers swashed their particular buckles once winning by a tennis score against a side that must have been relieved their match the best of five was the many neutrals have come to know and not dislike as much as up while remaining incapable of keeping a clean sheet in a match where their goalkeeper was far from idle. was a good performance on the pitch and on the so it was a really nice beamed who quickly poured icy cold water all over the notion that city council should start making plans for an open top bus tour to celebrate the first title win since 1990. are no he laughed. only thing we have is a pretty good football so try to use says can still improve after thrashing Read not wrong. So are fans with their pretty good football they spent time yesterday singing we still had be on the a song the star of their most recent brush with title which ended in disaster at Park with the man in question covering his face and sobbing uncontrollably at the horror of the shambles that had just unfolded. While several of the players who started for that night remain at the none are starters under Others have moved on and after a farewell tour in which he enjoyed a longer goodbye than Frank speculation is rife that former midfield general could be on his way back to now that his time as an LA Galaxy player appears to be over. Galaxy lost their match against Rapids on penalties to bring an end to the season. And with contract due to expire next month and the player having expressed a desire to move back to from the club are unlikely to offer him another one. The midfielder has previously hinted that a return to in some coaching capacity could be on the having already spent 25 years at a club where he won every trophy available except one. An occasional pundit with has already discussed a return to with and it seems the door is open for a return should he wish to go back. got dreams and aspirations of one day going into coaching and management but at the moment nowhere near ready for said in Now it is believed an apprenticeship spent teaching youth players to ping balls out of the training ground could appeal as he completes his coaching badges. LIVE ON BIG WEBSITE Butler brings you the FA Cup second round draw live at QUOTE OF THE brothers are older than me I was the and they used to tease me about a kids character called Do you know the my God he was so ugly and I was so scared of him. My brothers used to is going to get you They went too far with it turns out that biggest fear defenders who can run fast but the popular wrinkled member of the Tanner family. SPECIALIST OF THE offers nine ranges of beautiful all carefully selected by himself to clients ranging from and to Wood and because unless got why would you Twitter pictured here before he had that refined feeling between his Taxpayers Can The Fiver please advise what the prospects are of the film of West I certainly hope that it still has its day in the sun despite the mixed messages of it being most successful stadium migration in or a and utter mess by the previous depending on who you ask. any thoughts on the Will it be a fantasy horror or the spirit of desperately trying to cling on to our last vestiges of and given that you and I have been communicating for almost 15 years a largely street admittedly but with the occasional missive from me including one letter day at some I think that it is time that we settled on more appropriate personal terms. Given that I am it is of course a source of great discomfort for me to bring this but then it is easy enough to suggest that we adopt the less formal singular rather than that awfully impersonal plural in our This implies a more informal use of first name terms you can call me instead of and I shall from now on simply call you This will be even more apt since your latest missive arrived in my at with an exhortation to straight to the that I now also hold an passport and live in rural County after that car crash of a I really care about your pretentious social niceties any more but I shall follow your advice to the be the only pedant having waded through The aching smugness at the admittedly headline wondered why you bothered including the words a parabolic when referencing the ejection from the pram of rattle. After as every good pupil what other possible way would there be for such a thrown object to travel through the Back in the might have been far from physics teacher but that one nugget has stuck with me for more years than I care to a little like the lingering sense of disappointment one experiences around tea time on any given Smith no Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager and out got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters AC and co for the latest thrilling of Football Weekly. And Producer tells us there are still the last few tickets available for the Palladium live show on 15 THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring SUPPORTERS FEDERATION Football Supporters Federation have announced the for their annual awards in association with Virgin Media and as is the Fiver been nominated in a single category. pleased to pretend pleased that Football Weekly has been nominated for the gaudy Best Big Paper has been nominated for the Best Big Paper gong while Proper Journalists Conn and are both up for Best Writer. You know what to do vote early and vote often in these and other categories by clicking on this AND Jack is back in the England squad for the underwhelming performances against and Squad in Goalkeepers Hart Defenders Rose Stones Walker Repressed Morris Dancing Fiver Sterling Forwards Twitter Union Jack pictured here not despite what it looks like. Caretaker has demanded that England show in the World Cup qualifier against Shortbread and co. is the oldest international fixture. We will make sure if the players know about that they are made aware of it in the early part of the he showing about as much faith in his grasp of history as is usually shown in their ability to string two passes appears to be just a jaunty salute away from a reunion with technical director after the club bundled Jimmy into a rocket and launched him towards the planet called Do One. be five more years of Him at Real A new one for The Glossary club doctor has said Robin van is recovering well after suffering torn in the 3-1 win over boss can hear the jingling of cash coming his way. manager will strengthen the team in the areas he feels necessary. is he does what he wants and I support cheered majority shareholder And got the Tin in for East when the plucky broke their record of 26 consecutive wins at the weekend. a beer on us. In have 27 cheered van ensuring their winning streak comes to a shuddering halt after themselves into a dark and sickly state. STILL WANT talking points from the Premier League action. because heading into the dark and tedious wilderness that is the international snazzy Premier League pictures instead of Lucky for you because and bring you The Dozen. Twitter finds magic in are being richly rewarded for resisting the urge to fire out of a cannon towards Lake Do One and instead letting him field a load of dead good writes all writes on going back to the future. Much like the restorative job he did on his own is transforming and they now have the look of title reckons Not So Ambitious will have been left feeling that the Wolves side he has been put in charge of completely hopeless after watching them lose narrowly to reports Nick and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND READ THIS OUT. BE 
victory in the US presidential election was expected to spook investors after a campaign defined by protectionist rhetoric. Yet on the second day after his election Wall Street investors were in a bullish with the industrial average hitting a record high. The rose as much as 191 points to reach 18,780 by in New while the other two main US stock market the 500 and also at financial betting firm morning Trump was toxic yet now he is the biggest the market has seen in the days before the share indexes rose when it looked like was winning and fell at a hint that Trump could catch her. On 7 the day before the the had its best day for eight months after the cleared over her private email server. And on markets duly plunged in early trading as and investors responded to the shock by the time Wall Street opened for business Trump had made a conciliatory acceptance speech in which he promised to heal divisions and work with other countries. After a volatile opening as investors tried to make sense of the rose on the rose partly on relief at tone and the lack of references to erecting trade barriers or a wall across the border. Trump also rowed back on threats to sack who chairs the Federal Reserve central then looked for opportunities. If Trump was going to be more sensible than his campaign pronouncements then what about his Trump has pledged to cut corporation a move all businesses would like. He has promised to cut back regulation and scrap climate change including abandoning the agreement to reduce emissions. Oil and gas shares duly that the Republicans could ease rules on including scrapping the regulations introduced after the 2008 financial crisis to curb risky sent bank shares soaring. In his victory Trump talked about putting to work to overhaul the creaking infrastructure. These promises sent shares of mining and construction companies companies also rose. Both Trump and talked about reining in charges for treatments but was more aggressive and specific. Tom an analyst at financial advisers said a Trump presidency had created opportunities for investors but that they should prepare for a bumpy plans could well increase overall demand in the boost growth and corporate earnings in the near term but result in inflation further down the line. A typical boom and bust scenario may elections 
being the middle of an international break with not a lot going the Fiver has decided to embark on the unique media wheeze of taking some reasonably banal comments made by a blowing them slightly out of proportion and then sanctimoniously said player for his arrogance. is the man who has fallen under our judgmental gaze for having the audacity to wonder why his team should have to bother playing the likes of A predictably World Cup qualifier between the two sides ended in an 8-0 win for the world champions over the prompting to ponder the point of it all ... much like the Fiver does every moment of its waking like the one against have nothing to do with professional he moaned after his side had swatted aside the of the mountainous in do not understand the meaning of games such as more so with such a busy Now while the Fiver is prepared to concede that it can kind of see where is coming from on this it could be argued if nothing games such as these could at least be treated as timely for players enduring uncharacteristic goal droughts in their domestic leagues. The kind of for who has failed to score in any of his eight appearances this and might relish the opportunity to get his eye for goal back in by filling his boots in the inevitable slaughter of As luck would have is one such player and the Fiver help but feel that his conspicuous absence from a featuring eight goals may have contributed to his slightly Cup 2018 10 talking points from the latest matches Read the did concede while such games are rather a chore for his they are a very big deal indeed for minnows such as and he also believes such mismatches could expose footballing such as to unnecessary injury risks when they are forced to go with He is not the first to question the relevance of such cannon fodder. Many before him have wondered if we might not be better served by banishing tiny nations to the early stages of some sort of qualifying from which just one or two would emerge dancing celebratory jigs after earning the right to get 8-0 by the big to this elitist nonsense has incurred the wrath of the with one blazer making the decidedly salient point that actually football. In a lengthy rebuttal of also said that games against the World Cup holders provide revenue for teams such as and are a source of great pride for those who participate. he stopped just short of a certain dictator most would rather forget when telling that has taught you that is not always a guarantee of finished up his impressive tirade by making the irrefutable point while their national team is very good at is ultimately a country populated by people who wear socks under their Somebody summon the fire service quick because just got burned. QUOTE OF THE got a red card for no I know why. The referee says I started the whole but I was the only one ending on the so how could I have started pleads innocence after finding a novel way to get sent off against by yanking down Twitter very nearly laughed out loud at Dale joke about playing an event that is as rare something that is very rare indeed. The fact that he did not win letter the day leads me to the sad conclusion that vote rigging has now reached the echelons of Fiver no other readers who could expect a legal if we could be thanks for nothing. After years of suffering through my regular dose of nothingness my pulse raced at the thought of finally finding something of interest. How I finally of lower league a chance to read about the manager of my beloved United. With a thankful heart I embarked upon your latest missive only to no mention of I have been lied to and I blame you entirely. How could you title your email and orange and not expect us to think it is going to be about Carpenter. A team for Probably not Taxpayers I mused. on further musing Mike understand logic Fiver but if Trump were to it surely is more due to his resemblance to their current who has gotten a job he long coveted yet seems utterly miserable. A glance at the tables shows that a wish to retreat from foreign entanglements is another thing they have in musing about what football team might may I suggest A club governed by an autocratic family who remained steadfastly unconcerned about the protests of the who support it as it slips into I feel Trump would find much to admire. and also called the tangerines see the Welsh FA backtracked over the wearing of poppy armbands as they were put off by the thought of paying a financial penalty to they have just worn them and then asked Bale to dip into his newly massive pockets to pay any After he is still one of the Will Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager and out got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring AC and co for the latest thrilling of Football Weekly. BITS AND annoying bout of minor has led to being a doubt to start 2-1 meaningless friendly defeat by on says he is fit and ready if United need him. In other Granny Fiver says she is fit and ready if Brad needs her. Twitter Fit and right. via about this. still international fortnight. As part of some advertising gimmick or other have confirmed that Bolt will indeed train with the club. no a club suit. coach likes the idea as well. Of he visit us in an important week with but maybe in the will have more time to focus on being the next after announcing that he is to do one from New City has been plucked from the bingo hall to sit on the bench for Iron 1-0 in their match against Nearly there. And after scoring a on his debut against Serge has admitted he thought his was a prank. coach called me up but I had to think about it for a bit whether it was true or he honked. are so many hoax calls from radio shows and I really did not want to be a victim of STILL WANT the best man for Are Wales already doomed in their quest to reach the World And should build his team around Those questions and seven more are answered by International Football Clairvoyant in the latest round of World Cup qualifying talking points. an attacking what not is a he have us playing like mad says in this chat with From to and to picks out the Premier most improved XI. Fisher was on hand to watch the Posh defeat the Paupers yesterday and concludes that have much to do if they are to make a Championship return despite being a point off automatic promotion. aka The had earned 25 international caps before he was old enough to vote but few football fans know about his unfulfilled talent. Until now. At was an unlikely choice for a bodyguard but the refugee was trusted with minding during the time at New Cosmos. Lewis recalls a story of pitch invasions and photographers. and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND TYPE OF MEMORY THAT TURNS YOUR BONES TO 
That leave us with a whole lot to except that will resume bowling tomorrow in the same difficult position that they would have started in today. That 86 runs needing another five South wickets before knowing the scope of the task they can run through South and face a recoverable deficit of around then bat well enough to set a decent target. Worst and will push the lead out to 200 or and will be knocked over once again for an innings defeat. These are very difficult times for a team that seems to be unprepared to play Test cricket in any kind of difficult batting conditions. leave you with piece from after play finished which may be the only Guardian article to lead off with referencing the early sketch Full see you tomorrow on the In the an excuse for a report of the washes out day two of second Test between and South Read more The umpires have made the with the field sodden and the forecast grim. Play is abandoned for the and will start half an hour earlier for each of the next three that means a start local eastern daylight savings on and I also have to credit with actually making a decent joke in another radio interview conducted in the a lovely if a I Some interesting points in that chat a pretty straight shooter compared to many administrators. wants to know if the scheduling and preparation was with very little cricket before the Tests. South have had the same preparation that counters you draw that the team that playing against had any different So the difference is in the fundamental quality of the teams on the asked if they had considered replacing Rod Marsh as chairman of selectors immediately after he announced he would retire next says but is measured in his language to avoid hollowly saying that the selectors have been doing a great job. The pair also discuss whether Smith needs more support as a young whether Test cricket has enough support itself in balance with whether this is a crisis point that will bring drastic change or whether CA will try to hold things whether will keep getting Test cricket. The television is now screening 1999 World Cup win over South Brings to mind the comment yesterday from most comprehensive video Moody channel is turning out to be quite the archive of a golden era of cricket before it turned to complete and utter 2016 Plenty of questions on exactly that subject of disarray today. had Cricket boss answering some tricky ones on radio earlier is a funny game not funny ha certainly not over the last week is can hear the full audio here. Still raining at obviously usual description of bowlers coming from the Antarctic end is especially apposite in meteorological circumstances for those of us shivering in may well be enjoying a break from being humiliated on the field. a great little note from reader Forth on the current sure if this helps but the were in a similar situation to cricket in 2001. Their solutions were wide ranging. central community engagement being the headlines did the qualitative research on their a fusty crew the First Class Forum did for What they fix was a lack of national success and hero personalities. Coincidentally or the team improved and the likes of and provided fun role models for the kids. Five years later everything looked That ties together all of the South in the current given that with the latter spelling is commentating this series on and with the middle spelling has just been charged with by the South cricket South batsman charged over Read more Seeing some highlights from the Ashes Test back in late and one of the great cricket who played five Test matches in his but shares the record for the most runs in a single over. Shares it with... Not like 28 more than because took them off the pace of where was facing the less accomplished spin of Robin you tell me. Back to the present a guy who was run out for 1 in that botched run chase is banging a drum on all sport there are too many is the sage position of too much information from too many people. It gets He must have loved high beloved Good Boy is more conciliatory toward the mentor class. you get different information about how to do things. A good coach is a good if got lots of them around you great. but a good player should be able to coach c b all out for The young rangy gets off the mark with a glided but once back on strike he chips a defensive shot back to the bowler. Utterly never make a Test falls six runs short of what should have been a routine in a game that will surely be replayed for years to for who took seen the best player named who will ever turn out for South c b may have undone his team here. He sees the wide plays a big cover drive but he keep it down. reels it in at set well back catches it on his chest. walks out at in his third selectors blame this disarray on though. Seven runs to two wickets in hand. Nearly just clears cover for a two runs. is then dropped at Unknown 105-8 stuff from bashing several boundaries in the last few minutes as narrows the gap to 12 runs required. Should be fine now with young gun still at the crease. Hello champs and Lemon back with you after what feels like a long time off the Lovely to be I bear bad news for is running through at the Cricket Ground in 8 for 75 chasing 117. Tension is high. In case not stumbled across it the champs who combine to inhabit The Grade Cricketer have started a If this rain keeps up it might be worth a listen. The good news is have the erudite Lemon to guide you through the afternoon session. The bad news is be narrating the same scene I have been. Although with more wit. Here he is playing cricket somewhere even colder than Lemon in the 12.10 raining ... Speaking of go to sleep. Close your eyes and dream of yesterday. We'll start again on chance we might play last hour... 2016 Tom great to have your correspondence. lovely to hear that Maxwell is on the mend. I think one of the things that does really well over here is getting interesting voices from the touring side gives a whole different perspective and always a highlight of an Ashes agree wholeheartedly Tom. The different accents and accompanying stories and specialisms are what makes each commentary series interesting. is doing a sterling job on the at the moment filling that niche. Channel 9 have woefully ignored this aspect for failing to provide any counterbalance to the it employs. At least this year we have a South even if it belongs to an international with an coat of arms tattoo. Things to do while raining enjoy cricket played somewhere drier. If not familiar with the name get used to because one be hearing for the next decade or comes of age to warm Cook and cockles Martin Read more For anyone not watching Channel sights of tan leather keeping gloves. 2016 Things to do while raining visit Museum of Old and New Art in is so on its own it can justify a trip to the Apple Isle. Even if you appreciate traditional an excellent craft brewery on site and the easiest way to get there is by a splendid river cruise. This image was provided as part of Dark 2016 in City of Dark Winter Feast entrance. 11.35 am rain is not relenting and puddles are now starting to form on the outfield. The covers are seen over the pitch as rain falls on day two of the 2nd Test match between and South at Oval in Morris the or the South is the latest to distract me from contemplating the resemblance between Pat and Ray of a day to be doing the correctly begins. enjoyed had something for pace and a rarity in test cricket. Made every over interesting to watch. The question I have is their any light at the end of the tunnel for There appears to be no obvious replacements in either bat or Does go for youth an team or can that ruin a promising career by bringing talented but unproven players into the game too might take a per question I think context is everything. What are trying to Presumably a glib one ranking in all can be trotted but is that alone I would be setting targets around winning in and and my team building approach would be with those goals in be concerned less with raw numbers and more interested in technique and character. We know that batsman can plunder runs in home but who are the ones that can do it when the situation is at its most Whether this is shuffling the pack a or wholesale depends on available. I be afraid of making a raft of changes if the talent is available. Names that spring immediately to mind include and but there will be more. The challenge then is to communicate to the public that this is a and one that needs time. This will be a hard sell for a cricket community that knows only winning and now seems disengaged beyond the brief summer months. this is an opportunity to resolve another of the issues in the the lack of characters. If these young colts are sold to us want to back them in and give them the benefit of the especially if they reveal the type of characteristics looking for. Using the look at how much goodwill the Western Bulldogs carried into this premiership. It might but this state of transition the been in since about 2005 seem to be and keep the bowlers fit. An attack of and has the potential to be a attack of fearsome quality whatever the conditions. this safety net with the ball should paper over some of the batting cracks. Cricket South still falling but not hard. We'll have another update soon. 2016 Things to do while raining listen to rainy songs. Can anyone improve on The Beta Give in to your inner hipster. Burns has tuned and he wants to throw some pebbles into the just like to stir the pot out there and see what if any rule or format changes you would bring in to keep Test cricket bugbear is The has to do more to make a play more continuous and 90 overs is the minimum number of required overs to be not a mythical target to be staggering towards in twilight. Once that nettle has been more radical ideas like Tests can be think Tests are a It means the game will be accessible to spectators at venues and on at times when best able to turn up and tune in. I with players in the transitional period while effectively guinea pigs for ball floodlights and so but not enough to delay the widespread introduction where for clearly there needs to be a periodic finish line somewhere along the way to give context and rivalry beyond the historic. The mace really seem to hit the but yet to be convinced of any alternative suggestions. open minded about trialling that is a largely moot debate anyway until the gets to grips with the international basic and the reliance on as a source of revenue. As so elegantly put it in Death of a cricket make money to or does cricket exist to make Cricket it's raining in to popular belief it doesn't rain here. are the 2nd driest nicely 2016 Channel 9 showing highlights of the second Test between and South from 1994 in Spoiler alert the win. It made me is this the first time have ever shown a package where Things to do while raining enjoy capacity to bring communities together. always believe there's a the journey that inspires Cricket Read more 10.35 am bucketing down at Arena. this is not very promising 2016 Things to do while raining marvel at Maxwell. The commentary chat is a nice segue into predictably excellent interview with the avuncular voice of feels very cricket doyen Maxwell on his summer absence Read more Which raises a worthy topic for debate the Channel 9 commentary team after its this winter. The departure of Brad means the broadcast has a new and there are a couple of new voices with the inclusion of and My own observations are that a much greater focus on cricket than previously I know. The tedious asides into pizza toppings and seem to have been jettisoned in of talking about happening. Who knows if it will but an improvement. is one of the hardy souls braving the wet and wintry conditions on the he writes. if there is play today I feel we may well have had the high point of the day. The sight of looking at Mark as if he was a demented simpleton as they discussed the reason for poor batting choices. May well be a highlight of illustrious Things to do while raining riff on pain. laying the misery bare after debacle. Notable for coach failing to offer anything in the way of a Much like his top order. coach refuses to rebut crisis talk with good reason Read more 10.10 am umpires have just fronted the cameras and not optimistic. not looking said from beneath an umbrella. expect the rain to get heavier during the then joked about sitting alongside and as the coldest places to officiate in international Clinch pretty unlikely for much play this 2016 Good morning and welcome to the second day of the second Test in After thrill a minute expectations are great for another day of high intensity Test maybe not. raining in really raining. Play will not start on time and unlikely be any play this morning. The forecast is bleak for this afternoon and evening not going anywhere so if there is any you dear will be the first to know about play begins up to us to make our own fun. If on your mind please share it via Twitter or email plenty to sink our teeth be it South or even England unearthing old be got nothing better to do. A picture is worth a thousand words. will be here shortly so in the catch up on an eventful first day of play in that saw 15 wickets build lead after first innings capitulation in Read more
A white nationalist has apologized for in calling independent presidential candidate a is a lawyer and white nationalist who was originally meant to be a delegate for Trump at the Republican national announced that he was putting out an automated call to voters attacking an independent conservative candidate who has become the unexpected in the heavily according to recent on his presidential needed to step to Trump Read name is I am a farmer and a white the said. make this call against and in support of Trump. is an open amnesty has two mommies. His mother is a married to another woman. is okay with that. Indeed supports the supreme court ruling legalizing gay it continued. is over 40 years old and is not married and even have a The call believe is a closet homosexual. vote for Vote for Trump. He will respect all women and be a president we can all be proud an email to reporters said that he had disabled the and would not be sending them am sorry for the message and I humbly retract its said. sent the out because is a strong state and and the west is gripped by an extreme and fatal failure to marry and have children. The white birth rate is so astonishingly low that western civilization will soon cease to exist. I felt that typified that perfidious said that campaign had repudiated his and added that people from and beyond have excoriated me for it as as Trump has issued a apology for his past locker room I too issue a heartfelt apology for this I should not have sent out. I am truly he by the Guardian what had led to the change of said he received ten or more emails and telephone calls from voters who told me that I should not be so spokesperson for the campaign did not respond to requests for comment. elections 
For Thanksgiving this many are anticipating mashed pumpkin pie and combat with relatives. Every election provokes some level of stress among but mental health professionals say that the polarization of this presidential race appeared to have amplified the tension. was a very significant for people this said director of research and special projects at the Psychological Association. On we asked readers to tell us whether they expected their Thanksgiving gatherings to provide a stage for potential blowups as relatives congregate for the first time since Election Day. Several people wrote to say they planned to adhere to a rule. Others said they were taking a more extreme approach avoiding Thanksgiving altogether. For those disappointed by the presidential much of the anxiety stemmed from concerns that relatives who supported J. Trump might gloat about his victory. said he heard rumblings that two relatives were planning to wear Trump gear at their Thanksgiving gathering. honestly not looking forward to it at he wrote in an email. Martin a retired engineer in said he and his wife worried that sparks could fly during their gathering of 18 family members. About half are loyal he and half dedicated Trump supporters. If things get out of said he planned to tell his put all that stuff in a shoe box and put it on a shelf. just not get into that Wright said avoiding politics was sometimes the right approach. If the election outcome is weighing heavily on your Thanksgiving can be a time to talk about she said. But if reconnecting with family is most it could be wise to just postpone the political talk for another time. a reader in wrote in with a reminder that Thanksgiving is intended to be a moment to count blessings and connect with family. she we are all mature we should be able to talk The known as the salad bowl of the is struggling with a crisis of poverty and malnutrition among its farmworkers. New largest state workers union said it would strike in over a contract dispute. first lady and the former head of the appeared to take herself out of the running to become education secretary in the Trump administration. Two weeks after Election Proposition 66 was finally called. The intended to speed up death row passed. Also called was Proposition which would have given voters more say over It failed. Associated has big plans for its Hong a billion upgrade. New is said to have created a censorship tool in an effort to get back into China. New A memorial service for a slain deputy in County was filled with laughter and tears. Defying the Raiders are now 8-2 after beating the in City. New Most people know Jack as a prolific writer. Few know him as a photographer. New Our nation is diverse. How does that play out in what we eat at New Still in need of a quick Thanksgiving We asked a chef at Bar in to suggest a dish that takes advantage of the fall season. She offered this one from a book she wrote with Techniques winner of a 2015 Beard Potato and Green Bean Soup This is a soup to make in late or autumn when the days get shorter and the green beans grow big and tough. It is ideal for those which are much better cooked well past the bright green and crisp stage that culinary professionals prize. In this the beans are cooked until they are quite tender and develop a earthy flavor. The butter that floats on the surface of this soup is essential to the texture and flavor. We recommend you use cultured which has a subtle tang. You can make it yourself or buy it. 1 tbsp. filtered oil or good cooking oil 1 sweet white cut into dice 4 garlic minced 3 ML vegetable or poultry broth 12 g russet peeled and cut into dice 1 g green trimmed and cut into pieces 3 ML buttermilk 1 tbsp. plus 2 tsp. kosher salt Freshly ground black pepper 1 ML sour cream 3 tbsp. apple cider vinegar 2 tbsp. melted Chopped fresh parsley for garnish Chopped fresh dill for garnish Chopped fresh chives for garnish Heat a medium saucepan over medium heat until a drop of water flicked on the surface sizzles gently on contact. Add the then immediately add the onion and garlic and stirring until the vegetables are slightly softened but not about 10 minutes. Add the potatoes and green beans and simmer until the potatoes are tender enough to be easily pierced with a about 25 minutes. Remove from the heat. In a combine 2 ML of the broth and vegetables and the buttermilk and until smooth. Add the back to the add the salt and tsp. and place over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cook gently until heated about five minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in ML of the sour cream and the vinegar. Ladle the soup into individual bowls and garnish with melted the remaining ML sour the and plenty of pepper. Leftover soup will keep in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to four days.
offensive even criminal assault reports of harassment have spiked since J. victory in the presidential race. Few of the perpetrators have been but here is a look at five cases in which people have been directly accused. Some apologized. One denied being responsible. Another said his actions had been misconstrued. When started sending her classmate that mocked plans to crack down on Ms. whose parents had come to the United States illegally from tried to shake it was just a little like awkward Ms. tried to turn up the humor after Trump was elected president. She failed. Using clothing and she built a wall in Ms. dorm room at University in St. and left a note won so here is a little preview of to Tearful and Ms. posted a photograph on Twitter that was shared more than 50,000 times. was she said. threw the and I tore the Ms. along with campus security confronted Ms. who appeared shocked that the gag had backfired. Ms. declined to be interviewed. Ms. speculated that humor around presidential politics had led her friend to think of the and what was at as a joke. Ms. said that Ms. had and the two are working on reconciling. friendship is not all Ms. said. are going to be horrible things that are going to happen. We have to move on and grow from Officer Peters was off duty when he flew a Confederate battle flag from the back of his pickup truck at a Trumps demonstration in Traverse Officer an Police Department was captured in photographs getting out of his opening a Bud Light and arguing with protesters. He could not be reached for but the Traverse City police chief said he had previously displayed the divisive symbol at work. After the most recent episode was shared widely on the and in news he which the city manager of the popular tourist destination in northern called said Peters had also offered an apology for what the former officer described as the he put on the city. He added that Peters had cut short a trip to sign the paperwork to complete his resignation. On Peters delivered a letter to the local saying that he attended the rally to protest what he viewed as political correctness. He added that he believes the Confederate symbol nothing to do with and everything to do with embracing and celebrating the simple lifestyle that is the country John a high school teacher and golf coach in was suspended from work after students accused him of telling a group of black make me call Trump to get you sent back to The school district is investigating the episode. did not respond to requests for an interview. In a a Chapel High School said he had spoken with the teacher on the phone. actually admitted saying wrote said it was just an comment and meant to be racist. He said it was a bunch of male and female students in the hallway and he was talking to and Parker students at College in drove onto the nearby campus of College flying a Trump flag from their vehicle and chanted campaign slogans outside a building where minority students can seek support. They bragged about the episode in an video that has since been taken down. But after facing a backlash that included death threats on social media and a harsh response from officials at both each posted an apology on and denied targeting minority students. celebrating the election at a time and in a place when so many were deeply disappointed about its outcome genuinely grieving about was just not wrote. had no idea that our actions would be interpreted as or or a white I do not feel threatened by the new president. I have not had to work for that privilege. It was something I was born He included a phone number and email address where he said those he had offended could reach him directly. angry comments along with a few written in support inundated the and stopped responding. Neither nor responded to requests for comment. a singer and activist in New said that she was walking home after a performance last week when she passed a political and an elderly man who supported Trump began to heckle her. After a physical altercation in which the man fell to the Ms. was charged with assault and harassment. She said that the man had thrown himself onto the ground and appeared to be and that she had lost her day job as a home health aide because of the episode. She also said that since the she has been attacked on social media. should it have to come to the point where we are threatening each other and threatening each lives over a presidential she asked.
They filed into the House of Commons chamber to learn what means for the and filed out to be shamed the next morning by newspaper picture editors armed with yellow pens. In one half of the 42 sitting behind John can be seen immersed in their mobile phones while the shadow chancellor responds to the autumn that asked Woods in the Daily comparing the to unable to resist the lure of their devices during pub quizzes. this addiction steering dangerously close to she gamely offering to manners to their factory was sanguine about the perceived digital snub. look but what he told Good Morning But should it Beyond the obvious danger that phones can not least on the should we take a stand against tapping in the Twitter I look at that I see a lot of trying to going on to make it more Champion MP. Victor MP one of those makes a stirring of connected politicians. I look at that I see a lot of trying to going on to make it more she says. not playing Candy Crush or at least this one certainly minutes after stood up to respond to Champion tweeted about the failure to address the gender pay gap. She then shadow health secretary another of the in the who was sharing his dismay about the absence of the in the autumn is a direct way for me to get my messages out to adds who has more than 20,000 many of whom she represents. could put out a press statement hours but it may not be picked up. This way I can commentate and if got a juicy story on within minutes I have journalists calling me for more unspoken or vary. the arbiter of etiquette for is strict on the matter. a work mobiles can be seen as and anti the corporate its Pocket Book cardinal rule is always to switch your phone off before you go into a of the respondents to a 2013 survey of business people by the University of Southern said that it was inappropriate to read phones during meetings. But a professor of management at says bosses are adapting to modern demands for communication. are times in meetings when not everyone is and if something can be quickly finished off with a little people can do she says. think people are sensible about when interruptions might affect says she use her phone for anything other than calls were she not an but insists social media offers a channel. also get alerted to campaigns and she adds. are expensive. Do you want us just listening for or to be able to work and talk to people and reflect a much better use of my PM caught playing Go in parliament Read of Commons authorities have permitted the use of phones in the chamber since but emails on Blackberries were the only distraction then. In the Speaker John burned Hunt for with his phone during a calling him for parliamentary banned phones from cabinet meetings in and last year had to remind of this when the gave him away. May has expanded the ban to include Apple reportedly over concerns that they might be hacked by spies. In Conservative MP Mills after being caught playing Candy Crush Saga during a meeting of the work and pensions or anyone else feeling unfairly rebuked can seek solidarity with the prime minister no who was caught playing Go during a parliamentary debate last month. It the first incidence of distraction in the the Liberal party leader who had previously been responded on Twitter ladies can do two things at the same time you she including a for good etiquette the and prison doctor in Some practices have mobile but nobody pays any attention of course. had patients answer calls in which is rather and also known patients to complain about doctors using phones. part of life now. But not in where phones are banned. I leave mine in the car. In a quite nice an unlikely oasis where I can go and have an uninterrupted MP for If my phone is but it never comes into the and I see it as a piece of kit for me to do my job. fundamental for me to able to communicate directly with people. on which I do and got though that tends to be more press stuff. I got remember. And I have my parliamentary on my because that would take up every minute of my day. On a busy day I can get 200 emails per teacher in south New students get a talk about the importance of not touching phones in lessons. They go a bit crazy at first because they come to a new school expecting all these new but they soon get used to it. not supposed to use them but occasionally felt a buzz in my pocket and resisted the urge to check for that email from the mortgage broker. Phones tend to stay put even in the staff room. After two hours in the company of young you really just want an actual conversation with an of 
Two days before the start of last winter Major League annual the Mets announced that General Manager Sandy could not attend the event in because he was dealing with a treatable form of cancer. Everyone in baseball attends the winter meetings. All 30 teams send the members of their front often accompanied by scouts and owners. Most agents are too. With beginning his main lieutenants agreed to turn to one point man during what turned out to be four busy and critical days in their John the assistant general manager since 2004. handled it in such a way that everything that was I felt it was being done by and a compliment to said General Manager who watched from afar. Before those casual Mets fans knew of if they had heard of him at as the longtime assistant general manager. Yet inside the Mets and across was a and respected a steadying force inside the baseball operations through years of both contending and rebuilding. He has served as the man to three Mets general and During the Mets have reached the National League Championship Series in 2006 and rebounded from financial losses sustained in the L. scandal to reach the World Series in 2015. But perhaps the best effort yet was role in helping the front office patch up an 2016 team with moves that turned them into a team. fortunate to have said. time has gone taken on more and I have tremendous faith in his health has improved since last but function will remain the same during another important for the Mets. With many injured players expected to have the Mets may be a force next season. To they hope to retain the outfielder an last but they may have to display the same nimbleness as they did last With at home during the winter the Mets courted but he signed with the Cubs. A day the Mets traded for Walker to shore up second base and signed to play shortstop. helped lead the efforts in while staying in constant touch with and he spoke to reporters at every turn. everyone saw at the winter meetings is what we see on a said the director of baseball who has worked with for a dozen years. cool and collected in pressure and he can handle himself fine as a leader. been in the middle of every single one of our big acquisitions for the last 12 path to the front office began in a newsroom. Growing up in was a fan an allegiance that has long since fizzled. He wanted a career in sports but was not sure in exactly what capacity. He worked at the student newspaper at where he earned a degree in and by his second semester he was the sports editor. He secured an internship at the affiliate in and did some freelance work for television production companies. After he graduated in sent his to every television network and baseball team and received no interest. he cast a wider net to public relations and through a chance connection he landed an interview with then the director of media relations. spent 1991 as an intern in the media relations department. was open to anything in and this is kind of what he said. That internship led to this time in the League media relations back when each league had its own office. That led to a and then an offer to run the waiver wire. He administered all of the learning the nuances of rules. was 23 years old doing and that was kind of my ticket into where I am said. started working with the and assistant on a daily basis and advising them on different That sparked love for the details of navigating the juggling the moving pieces of the major league and minor league balancing a budget. After four years of moved to Major League labor relations department a breeding ground for future team executives and learned about the salary arbitration system and the collective bargaining agreement with the union. Over the next 12 moved his way up in the handling matters including player dealing with agents and helping Rob before he became determine the financial components of the labor agreements with the union. made a lot of said. In when took over as general manager of the he remembered the former intern who had blossomed in the office and tried to hire him. turned down the offer of an assistant general manager position because he felt there was more he wanted to learn abut contract negotiations and the economics of baseball. Other teams tried to lure as well. When became the general manager of the Expos in his first call was to in interviewed with the Mets and accepted offer to become his assistant general manager. was brought in more because they knew I had experience with the rules and said. were the two areas and still remain my bread and After a was pushed aside and replaced by The Mets made splashes over the next two trading for and Lo and signing and Billy kept everything together when I was there and allowed me to go and pursue the said. a lot of he was running the whole pushed to watch games alongside the top scouts. learned how to evaluate hire capable ones and rely on them. Like most modern general did not come from a scouting but he has proved to be a successful executive because of qualities that he said also possessed. is a good and takes input from a lot of different and able to synthesize them to make good said. been exposed enough to scouting and player development that able to manage After was fired in the owners told they wanted to hire a general manager from outside the organization. helped line up interviews and prepared questions for the man who became his new boss. knew well from their dealings during his time in the as well as his turns as the top executive of the Athletics and the Padres. duties encompass every aspect of the organization. As vice president and assistant general is responsible for the operation of an organization that has about 250 players across all levels and 175 employees. and the special assistant J. P. are the key baseball for the Mets. oversees the budget. The major league payroll was about million in and their budget was about million. coordinates the medical and training and keeps the owners and Manager Terry abreast of health. He travels with the team on about half the road giving him a chance to spend time with his and their three children when he is not on the road. He spends half his day on his email or on the including time on the drive to Field from his home in Cedar something I he said. it is relentless. There are no two ways about It is And because the demands are great on a general manager in the largest market in the has helped with the media aspect of his job. While recuperating at home during last winter watched how handled himself during his televised interviews. He said he believed was ready to lead a team one day. worked for three different general managers and learned something from every one of said. done it in a difficult market that tolerate any mistakes too
THE BANK OF save the Fiver a stressful morning fiddling about with its another top journalist has helpfully broken down the of the new and improved deal inked by Bale that will apparently make him the highest paid player on a week. After tax. According to The the turned Real winger will earn per which adds up to per hour. Or per second spent on the which adds up to per minute. In a whether on the pitch or not on the Bale will be earning lots and lots of Bale envisages finishing career at Real after signing new deal Read one possible exception few will begrudge the his good fortune. He is modest. He is unassuming. He seems a nice bloke. He is a doting father and good family man. He genuinely loves playing for his country. He earns more than Him. not to it all been plain sailing for the since his move from Spurs three years with his career hitting something of a lump during that difficult second season. had one season where it the best but that made me grow up as a player and he said at a press conference convened by Real to show off their new old signing. made me learn to deal with whatever is thrown at in this particular instance and with so much more of the stuff being thrown at him by his his brief spell in the doldrums looks set to stand him in even better stead in the coming new deal with Real the only reason for with a quick perusal of his Twitter feed revealing that earlier today he was to be announced as a of along with City striker While the accompanying video clip did little to reveal what it is exactly that an engineer of excitement actually the going to go out on a limb and guess that one of their duties is trousering loads of money they probably really need from a certain car manufacturer. with the future of plant having been recently has revealed that he and his players will be visiting the place this week. With engineer of excitement roles already they may audition to be the engineers of their own misfortune. LIVE ON BIG WEBSITE at for coverage of Stoke City 1-1 OF THE just wanted to frighten forward Pol explains why he up on to a fence to boot a fan in the chest and subsequently spend a night in the big house. Twitter Striker arrested and detained in after kicking a fan during AND PILLOW PARTNER OF THE very important for us as players to maintain Shaw confirms that a bit of kip is preferable to staring blankly at the walls until the sun rises as United up with yet another commercial partner for was incredibly disappointing to read well argued and informative letter in Fiver letters on Please can you quickly get back to publishing letters focusing on poor puns and long running bad jokes to make us all feel a lot better about not having the ability to write a well argued and informed letter. injury and general I was wondering is there a shirt number more cursed than His predecessor was who was a cult figure but pretty then got Park and who were either injured or past it. The last decent in terms of goals was his and even he exactly come nice to hear a positive story regarding Lord not cup of tea but he met the uncle of a mate of mine at Old recently in the execs. The uncle had given up his season ticket due to ill health and advancing finding it ever more difficult to get to games. He told Lord who and they went on to watch the game together. A few days later a package containing a signed copy of his autobiography. But more than there was a hand written inscription. The fact that the great man had remembered the then discretely made a point of obtaining the before taking the time to do what he did speaks volumes about him. He might have ranted at the odd but the guy just oozes class when it comes to the important things in this stuff about the Taxpayers Dome and banning fans got me thinking. How do you ban someone from a football ground or even more implausibly all football I would like to offer myself as a tester for Taxpayers to see if they could stop me getting in. prefer it if they would just invite me as living on the Isle of Lewis it would take me all my spare change just to get there so there would be none left for launching at the away fans. In the unlikely event that they were successful in preventing my attendance then for the second part of the test I would visit my nearest and see if I could sneak in there without Big picture though this is all going to blow over and in five time it will be just another soulless new stadium functioning as it should and making even more money for the Fiver Jack Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is Jack who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager Towers. not out till 4 so you the lucky got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring to Football Weekly Listen to Football Weekly Listen to Football Weekly Listen to Football Weekly when AND pats on the well done indeeds and fair plays to who have announced they will pay all staff the living wage. the fifth club to provide this fairly basic so... chop the rest of can see into the according to some But rather than anticipating natural disasters or traffic using their supernatural ability to give and foul throws. Or someone give a hug probably spend and quite in a darkened room he sniffed after latest which leaves them stone bottom of the will get no more than a touchline ban if he admits to whatever naughty thing the FA reckons he did in the match against has been recalled from the naughty step and allowed to run around with the rest of the big boys at United. Whether will actually pick him for a game now... more of a good news for black polo neck manufacturers looking for bulk coach has signed a extension to his taking him up to the 2020 WANT got in my tells Butler why he swapped for Twitter getting ready to earlier. popped along to the seaside to for the latest Football League in focus and saw being cruel to Canaries. gives it up for Las Rolling Stone. title credentials and Victor Moses finally at home in a shirt. Here are eight more talking points from the can help through those cold soothes talks to about asking Roman for a owning Bristol Rovers and being carried on the shoulders by just something about and promotions that should have fans so says Tom Mason. summer departure left fans bitter and look empowered with the striker in their writes A chief and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND GAVE ME THE CHANCE TO STAND IN A HELPLESS WALL WHEN STUCK A FREE IN THE TOP 
More than 500,000 people have had their payday and car finance loans written off after the main City watchdog stepped in to protect them from by a debt collection individuals became customers of debt purchase and collections firm Finance which has agreed to write off of debt after the Financial Conduct Authority the way it was pursuing people for the sums it said they which also trades as Debt Purchase and describes itself as of the leading debt purchase companies in the and in buying up old payday loans and other and then attempting to recover this to consumer website the company has bought payday loans from a number of lenders including Cash Lending Swift and It is also understood to have bought car finance said that after buying the company failed to carry out the necessary to make sure the sums of money that were said to be owed were correct. It in turn led to unfair and unsuitable customer contact for recovery of those redress has now been set affecting more than 500,000 people. The vast majority who typically received a letter or email saying that the debt had been passed to will see their debts written off. Typically the debt will run into several hundred pounds per cases where the affected customers had started making payments to it will be repaid to them. A total of is being repaid to 2,148 which averages about per on websites such as and the Consumer Action Group feature a number of posts relating to and its methods. Many site users have pasted copies of emails they said they had received from the some of which talk about how doorstep collection agent will shortly be instructed to attend your Some claim they have had default notices placed on their credit director of supervision for retail and at the have agreed this and previous to protect the customers of from unfair practices. We have worked closely with and are now satisfied with their progress and the way that they will address their previous August 2016 the the firm after being satisfied that the poor practices were and major changes had been chief executive officer at to all affected customers and are delighted that we are able to address the issues through the redress scheme we have agreed with the are now fully by the which is testament to them witnessing the serious approach we take to our regulatory responsibilities and our desire to treat customers fairly. will strive to build on the excellent reputation we have in the market and continue to put customers first in everything we do not need to take any as will contact those affected by 2017. The company has set up a dedicated page on its website providing further Conduct 
attack on is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. US is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN 23 announce four months three months that going into guess 12 minutes the they 24 St even two weeks into the battle for Trump has declared it total Commanders have disagreed. So have captured dozens of towns only a few miles from the city forces have made steady progress from the and on a US general said up to 900 militants had been killed. Since the campaign commanders have warned it could last though they have expressed cautious Trump lying about having a three Read leaders are believed to be fleeing the but the Pentagon has refused to speculate publicly on the location of the terror Inside the an group has said it plans to rise up against the despite insistence that the coalition should have used element of leaders have known ever since the US began two years ago that it would likely mount an attack on government has been encouraging civilians to flee the city for over a year. The US has dropped leaflets on the city in recent to warn civilians to flee or find depending on the strategy for strikes and declaration of is and his claim that would be a more effective strategy suggests a dearth of knowledge about military strategy and risks to secretary of allowed thousands undocumented I all of to be released because their home countries take them 21 North wrongly blames for releasing migrants when the government is in fact required to do so by law. In the supreme court barred the US from holding undocumented including those convicted of for longer than six months if their native country refuses to take them back. The lies Trump told this voter fraud and the election Read W Bush and have followed that ruling and when countries have refused to accept both presidents have declined to enact punitive measures on those countries. Secretaries of state can deny visas to countries that refuse to accepted convicted but this action is rarely used and when it is it is usually against small countries with limited relationships with the US. This Trump correctly noted that the supreme court decision was responsible. He has since turned the claim into a false one that pins blame on his opponent rather than the campaign eventually sent the Post a statement saying the businessman was accusing of failing to take punitive action against countries that refused US deportation emails emails also show her staff saying has no 22 is here quoting an email that itself quoted Republican strategist who in 2014 wrote that has core not that she has One of cited accusation in a question about the central especially when compared to clear rallying cries against Wall Street and money in a hacked we have any sense from her what she believes or wants her core message to has This guy a nasty 23 claims to be quoting from an email released by which acquired hacked emails of John campaign chairman. But the email he is alluding to to was not written by but by another campaign staffer. The context shows that was speaking about a dispute on the Twitter strategy. She had praised a tweet about that battle in the Democratic primary. told her he was angered that his tweet was delayed a day by someone in the organization. am passed he wrote. Twitter has to say about mean replied. held by God. Her instincts are suboptimal. Pretty typical though. I would not be surprised if told him to do it. Just as pretty sure former strategist for the 2008 do his cocaine rang against without some higher up is expensive 24 software that removes junk files and private for instance to recover disk space or to protect is know the I used to think I had some of these violent protests. These turned out to be you came out through and it came out through the documentary. These turned out to be paid people. They were giving them 1,500 people to go in there and start 24 in an interview with New Trump alludes to is a heavily edited video released by a conservative activist whose tactics led to a misdemeanor conviction in 2010 and whose organization was paid by the Trump Foundation last the a Democratic activist named working as a contractor for a consultant named appears to discuss recruiting protesters to disrupt Trump heavily edited video has speaking approvingly of goading Trump supporters to the fuck and discussing engagement in the lines at Trump starting anarchy here. If there and protesting and you do these you will be attacked at Trump rallies. Twitter Trump gestures at a campaign rally in what we want. The whole point of it we know people will freak the fuck the security team will freak and his supporters will lose their mentions script of and but does not talk about committing starting confrontations in the not starting confrontations in the rally because once inside the rally under secret control. The key is initiating the conflict by having leading conversations with people who are naturally psychotic You can message to draw them out and message them to punch other and claim credit for a March protest in The former says she the and the latter they shut all that was was contracted by the Democratic National Committee months after the and the video does not link him to or Minter. Campaign finance reports show the campaign paid in late though the video makes no mention of it. The campaign has said employment ended in late and pertained to her organizing work in also worked for which took partial credit for the remarks were damning enough that the current chairwoman of the immediately condemned them. was laid off and Creamer said he would be from work with Democrats. claim conflates quotes into a sinister but we lack facts to actually support most of it and the heavy editing of the video forces viewers to draw their own conclusions. There might be more to this but neither or Trump have shown clear proof for a weekly elections 
director set off a torrent of criticism late last week when he directly inserted himself into the presidential campaign with a vague letter to Congress about the reopening of email case. His conduct has shocked many observers across the political but the only thing truly surprising about this episode is that people are only now realizing how and dangerous actually his stints in the Bush and administration has continually taken authoritarian and factually dubious public stances both at odds with responsible public policy and sometimes the law. The case is not an part of a clear were once enthralled when appointed the Republican as chief in 2013. They talked about as if he was above reproach because of his role as acting attorney general under W when he threatened to resign over an aspect of the illegal wiretapping explained at the time of confirmation in this story is incredibly misleading. did curtail a small part of the sprawling surveillance program in that occurred before the public ever knew of the existence of any domestic program. The version of illegal wiretapping that the New Times revealed in which sparked a firestorm of liberal criticism and widespread accusations of illegal was the program that was totally fine with and signed off he is celebrated as anything close to the hero is baffling. During the Bush also aggressively defended the arrest and due imprisonment of a US on US soil. He was held as an and refused a lawyer for three and half years to this one of the most egregious violations of the constitution by the Bush administration. In also gave his legal on torture techniques during the Bush despite harboring personal taking over at the speaking up without all or any of the facts has become a specialty. He has led a fight to essentially outlaw a vital tool that protects privacy and security. He has done so freely admitting he know what talking while his demands fly in the face of the opinions of many prominent computer who have argued mandating in encryption is impossible to do safely and a recipe for having failed to convince the public despite claiming it was vital the public debate the issue he then went to a judge to try to force Apple to its own encryption using a law written in the As previously a for former attorney general wrote in Politico in steamrolled his White House and Pentagon colleagues even scuttling an encryption policy that was under development by insisting that Apple be forced to unlock the phone for the last wholly without promoted the discredited arguing that crime has increased because police were afraid to do their jobs now that there is a slightly higher chance that citizens might film them shooting an unarmed person. Not only do studies show this theory is false that crime has not markedly an insult to police officers. ought to stick to what he O executive director of the National Fraternal Order of told the New referring to basically saying that police officers are afraid to do their jobs with absolutely no as President and many politicians in both parties have called for a reduction in harsh mandatory minimum prison sentences that have made the US by far the largest jailer in the publicly spoke out against any such criminal justice reform. know from my experience that the mandatory minimums are an important tool in developing he said. evidence shows the mandatory minimums have never been shown to make anyone safer or increase euphemism for threatening defendants with decades in jail so they forgo their constitutional right to jury trial and take a plea But facts have never gotten in the way of and his does the when it suits him. In the was told by the Bush justice department that it needed a warrant to gather email records and web browsing about But under the agency has continued to disregard the justice legal and to this demands tech companies hand it all sorts of data under free National Security two months wrote in is a growing consensus that has wielded the powers of the directorship more aggressively than anyone since to the and even of some of his evidence against has been available ever since President nominated him. All changed is that people are finally paying elections 
Most pundits said they do most pollsters insisted they do everyone from the pope to said they do it. Now election victory changes both the game and the stakes. He adopted a conciliatory both towards the nation and his in his victory for the past year his campaign has laid waste to the democratic traditions of an ostensibly mature political culture. Advocating violence at his own branding journalists making up refusing to accept the result if he lost he refused to abide by basic democratic sexual xenophobe and not to mention a Twitter troll who mocks disabled people he also refused to what had until now been the boundaries of acceptable electoral concedes presidential election to must accept this Read the dog whistle for a wolf a range of bigotries have now been emboldened. New lows have been if rules have been broken. A new normal has been established literally divisive in its authoritarian in its untethered in its it wears its vulgarity and ignorance as a badge of Trump both personifies and embodies it. He is no longer a threat to the powers that he is the power that will for these infractions Trump has not only gone he has been rewarded. And not with a new show but the White the nuclear codes and the most powerful military on the planet. Twitter How the 2016 US election night chancellor guarded response to the result this is not just an issue for but for the world. The electoral appeal of nationalist class racial animus and economic insecurity are by no means limited to Most western nations have their and many of these Trumps are having their day. the campaigned with Marine the leader of Front was one of the first foreign politicians to congratulate the scales fall from liberal eyes on night in where I have spent the past as unexpected results came in from rust belt felt like 2.0. Today they wake up to a different not because the country has changed but because they can now see it for what it is. Bars in the more liberal downtown were silent and out in rural areas they were setting off was not inevitable. There is no doubt that who has more experience that almost any candidate was qualified to do the job. She may yet win the popular vote. The problem was she did not have the qualities to win an election. She maintained the coalition of the minorities and the university educated but could not them in sufficient numbers where it even as many emerged to vote not for Trump but against her. Sexism played a given that Trump won white women by a considerable there was more to it than that. The certainly but that alone cannot explain historical symbolism of her candidacy stood for the status quo. She in effect claimed she was running for third term. But in a country where wages are class mobility has inequalities are growing and costs are people did not want more of the same. Driving around and witnessing the remains of what was once a vibrant industrial with whole factories abandoned like not difficult to see why which twice went for backed Trump. They wanted to change. Twitter concession know Democratic party establishment just says it wants to do the things always done and have incremental says who owns the Downtown Farm Stand and voted for Sanders in the primary and in the presidential election. the rest of the public is out here we have time for incremental was not simply a class revolt. won big among the Trump won more narrowly among the wealthy. The white working class were a significant section of the Trump coalition and swung in large numbers towards but they were not the dominant part of it. The defining fault lines were also gender and town v Trump have won without that shift in the white working and racism alone cannot explain that. speaks up for the says who grew up in and voted for in 2008 and planned to vote for Trump this year. is systemic but black people have advocates. Poor white people The whole idea white pisses poor white people off because never experienced it on a level that they understand. You hear privilege and you think money and opportunity and they have it. So when Trump says they can understand what and he speaks to them in a way other people will President Trump Predicting his policy agenda Read while allegations of election fraud had little his claims that system is rang true for many. Almost 10 years since the financial only the poor and middle class have paid the emails were a red but there really is one law for the powerful and another for the life expectancy among whites is falling. in have a great deal to be angry and precious little reason to trust the victory was not simply a rebuke to the Democrats in general or in particular. The Republican hierarchy did not want and for a significant period of the campaign he ran against too. It was an indictment of the entire political class by a sizable section of white either nostalgic for a mythical past that never existed or for racial privileges that did. He is a thumb in the eye to the bipartisan and its media that brought them the the North Free Trade Agreement and the financial crisis. He those so desperate for a political future that included them that they were prepared either to overlook the glaring contradictions in his conservative credentials a former Democrat who had the at his wedding or saw them and forgave represents the inchoate and rage against the fallout of that has found a home in a newly and nationalism across the west. His victory will provide momentary solace to his supporters but no lasting remedy. will not be no wall will be he will not defeat but he will appoint supreme court he can start wars. In he will not deliver on his most outlandish promises precisely because they are outlandish. He exemplifies the he has no solutions. The one thing we knew before anyone cast a vote was that were going to get a president they like. Both candidates were viewed we just they would opt for the one they liked least. For a week or more have been saying they just wished the whole election was now many would like to turn back the clock to a just when they never imagined this was possible. After they spent the best part of a year treating candidacy as a he has the last laugh. has taken a leap into the we must now see where it series The View from on elections 
This week our guru is searching for songs set west of the and is not so interested in the more the events and history of the have until on 31 to post your nomination and make your justification. regular posts in the comments as will select from your recommendations and produce a to be published on 3 is a list of all songs previously picked and therefore ineligible for the enduring love for the western Read you want to volunteer to compile a from suggestions and potentially about the for the Guardian please email with the subject line or make yourself known in the a reminder of the guidelines for us why a worthy lyrics if but for copyright reasons no more than a third of a words. If sharing make sure there is appropriate copyright to others suggestions and add yours to a collaborative you have a good or if like to volunteer to compile a from please email a wealth of data on including the songs that are at the It also tells you the meaning of for a previous so and other strange words used by regulars also congregate at the 
After the homophobic attack in this the atmosphere at Pride in win. not going to stop a police constable and volunteered to be at the spoke to a lot of people in the police force about whether it was a good idea for me to do a surprise proposal to my during the parade. Everyone was so supportive. It was significant for me because I joined the police after being brutally assaulted on my 18th birthday because of a public display of affection with my secret boyfriend. It was 10 years ago and my family yet know I was gay. Both my parents are vicars and my sister had just come and it a good environment. Only the police showed any had anxiety around public affection after that. have panic attacks on dates. So it was therapeutic for me to be publicly proposing with so much support. Saying as we got near the spot outside on Regent Street where I knew Johnny would my nerves were something else. My body rushed with saw me and waved impossible not to be excited at Pride. An inspector stopped the parade. It was all done very very I walked towards Johnny. He had no idea. I see anything but him. I hear the crowd. I took my helmet so be able to see him when I was kneeling. I was trying not to rush it. The sergeant helping me beforehand had ahead. be but rush I took hand and got down on one knee. Then it clicked with him and it began to click with the crowd. I will you marry He then crowd exploded. There was cheering and people started is I was aware I was still on so there were limitations to what I could do. I was I kiss just agreed to marry which was a huge so I just reacted and we been instrumental in getting me comfortable with showing affection. My friends he done to holding hands in public. This the we started to bawl. He handed me swings Joy 1993 Read at the police I was waiting to go off duty when the inspector told me the proposal was and had already got hundreds of thousands of views. I had been told there be any but there was a photographers and of course lots of people caught it on their the tube we heard people talking about it. A friend working with the Royal Ballet in sent me a text saying we were on news. The papers went crazy. It was can get a distorted view of life with all the horrible and tragic news stories. The reality is good things like this happen all the time. The backdrop of had some people worried that the was becoming less tolerant of our differences. But the positive reaction to the proposal shows the country is accepting and actually a really wonderful and we do celebrate getting married next year. It feels like a different life from where I was 10 years Are you in a notable Email me in the 
thousand how much time you could potentially waste on email over the course of your working according to a recent Post article. To put that number in roughly equivalent to spending five years on the writer we spend our days of how we spend our And we are spending our days largely on email. The average office worker dips into their about 11 times an receives about 147 messages a and spends nearly of their total working week in their way to a better not Read just because spending all this time on email mean enjoying it. When I talk to people about their email the most common feelings they mention are and overwhelm certainly not enthusiasm. research shows that the more frequently we check our the more stressed out we why do we spend so much time doing something that we particularly The fact is that even though we might not care for the content of every email we many of us are addicted to the act of checking email. It activates a primal impulse in our brains to seek out rewards. And in this regard not very different from in the the psychologist BF Skinner invented a device called the conditioning now known as the Skinner which he used to test theories on rats. Skinner wanted to see what effect different kinds of positive such as food and negative such as electric would have on the he experimented with putting the rats on a fixed schedule of reinforcement. For if the rat pressed the lever inside the it would receive a food pellet. If it continued pressing the every hundredth time the rat would receive another pellet. Skinner also experimented with a variable schedule. In this scenario the rat know when the reward was coming. It might have to press the lever 20 times to get a or it might have to press the lever 186 times to get a pellet. The system was and the rat could never know exactly when the reward was the rats were significantly more motivated when they were on the variable schedule. Skinner found that even if he took away the rewards for the rats on the variable they would keep furiously pressing the lever for a very long time before giving up much in than the rats on the fixed schedule this starting to sound familiar For better or humans respond to positive rewards very similarly to rats. And as a economist who studies the irrational actions of explained to email is a random rewards of work is making us miserable. learn to live again Read of the time when you the to check your email you get something disappointing or bothersome a communication from a frustrated client or a boss with an urgent request. But every once in a while you press the lever and you get something exciting an email from a friend if really a cat video. And those random rewards that we find so addictive. They make us want to push the lever again and again and even when we have better things to it cuts both while you might get something you also might get something upsetting or And that feeling of queasy uncertainty is another aspect of strange many times have you confidently sent off a message only to find yourself just minutes over why you have not yet received a Wondering if your request or your phrasing had been received as it was Worried that you yourself should have written back said something asked for or asked for problem springs from a lack of social feedback. Normally when we communicate with someone in or even on the we are reading a thousand little social cues as we talk and deciding what to do next based on those cues. It often happens that we will start to say something but based on feedback we get from the other think better of it and take another tack. When we communicate through that social feedback loop is absent. Emails lack the facial physical and vocal tone that typically shape our interpretation of what someone is saying and allow us to adjust our delivery in order to get our true meaning results in what the psychologist calls a natural towards email. argues that if the sender feels positive about an then the receiver usually feels neutral. And if the sender feels neutral about the then the receiver typically feels negative about it. In other as if every message you send gets automatically downgraded a few positivity notches by the time someone else receives all well and you might be but what am I supposed to do about solution to our email problem lies with getting more in touch with what makes us uniquely human. Overcoming the negativity and allaying some of its attendant requires us to upgrade our empathy and enthusiasm when it comes to digital communication. To communicate more like feeling humans than impersonal robots exchanging recent study done by the people behind the Boomerang email crunched the data from millions of email exchanges and found that messages that expressed emotion were most likely to get a response. And among emails using positive words and subjective language earned the most replies. In other messages that encouraged people and expressed a point of view were the most effective. We want we want to communicate with people who are interesting and quality that separates us from animals and robots alike is the ability to set goals and pursue them with focus. As we are uniquely equipped to train our attention on a given task and keep it there to not be distracted by random rewards or false urgency or of missing To focus instead on goals and meaningful rewards. But right now we are choosing to succumb to addictive allure and to let it dictate our our and our lists at work rather than up the willpower that we know is necessary to turn our attention away from our data is clear about the drawbacks of living in email. Those who process their messages nibbling on notifications and multitasking throughout the are significantly less productive and less happy than those who process their email in choosing two or three discrete time blocks per day to focus on their email so that they can ignore it the rest of the it comes to exercising just a little goes a long way. Can you go an hour without peeking into your Can you distinguish between truly urgent and Can you say to some opportunities so that you can say to your bottom line if we want to get out of the productivity rat we have to stop acting like A masterclass in How to kill email overload and get real work takes place at the Guardian offices in on 16 Spaces are filling quickly so book your place or explore the full range of on our 
Hello and welcome to this Money Talks a roundup of the biggest stories and some things you may have on whiplash claims could knock off car insurance websites like say renters feel unlikely to buy home in next five and cut up to three pence off petrol and diesel exit fees capped at moves step closer to restricting second home texts and emails a how payday loan firms hound can clubbing together lower your energy Twitter schemes could lead to lower gas bills. in former toll houses Twitter This cottage in enjoys a view of the estuary and sea beyond. the countdown to is under way and retailers have unveiled their list of top toys. We look at where to get them at the best price and find one that is already sold out. And if you prefer to let them choose their own we have a guide to the small print to beware of when buying vouchers. Twitter The Elite is predicted to be one of the top toys of 2016. use every excuse in the book to avoid my travel insurance a window to return clothes from Nectar luggage payment to landed up in you need to send money overseas get expert competitive exchange rates and free transfers from the Guardian money transfer provided by Make sure your holidays are covered for a whole year with the annual travel provided by 
All needs to do in in two weeks is take a minimum of third place and he will be crowned world champion for the first time. must win and hope finishes in fourth if he is to win his third successive world could have been so different. was struggling to see out of his visor at the beginning of the race and somehow avoided a spin and crash on lap 46. But nicely poised. Join us in two weeks for the season finale. Thanks for and for your emails and tweets. wins drenched but holds on Read more This race was crucial in the context of the world finishing 11 seconds behind his lead over the is now 12 points going into the final race. 1st not it will be remembered for the conditions five safely two red flags and the brilliance of a Bull Racing for A great drive to recover from after his final stop to take the podium The Dutch Commentators tend to get carried away sure you wouldn't hear this on the or at the Lap in so we go to the final race of the season in comes home to claim a quite remarkable third place. never seen driving like especially in these conditions. for unlikely to rain in the last emails Peter van Formula 1 POINTS SCORERS 2016 Lap has taken third. He held the inside line over for three and the eventually yielded. The crowd roar. They are loving especially with out of the race. Lap still leading this still second. Eleven seconds between on bring it 2016 Lap into Down the inside of and three seconds behind in third. Three laps to three seconds. Absurd driving from the Lap Now has overtaken First he tries on the which but the can do nothing about the next which takes on the forcing onto the grass. pushed me off the track. I was a little bit ahead with my nose and he pushed grapes from nothing wrong with that. Just fantastic driving. Lap And you can add to that overtaken into sixth. never seen driving like this. Racing through those puddles like they are nothing. Lap is looking to defend his third position. in fourth and in fifth bearing down on the Lap It looks as though going to make it to the end of this race at 71 laps. Still a lot of racing and a lot of time for to continue this charge. Could he make an unlikely Lap has retired. The is absolutely flinging his gloves to the floor back in the pits. being released at the end of this remember. Lap All the action is with who is now in seventh. The The Formula 1 cruises past and then done the next one is 2016 Lap At the top of the has got a lead over Looking comfortable. Lap takes with a great move round the outside. drops to seventh. has moved past his and then into He is a Lap in an almighty battle with for sixth. Formula 1 crossed at battling for 2016 Lap is third for Force what a drive had RACING has had to go to the medical as a precaution following the sensor readings in his accident 2016 Lap is on the up into 11th past Lap racing the safety car is off the track. with just but recovers. at the back of the field in 17th. Lap has pitted to come off the intermediates. They obviously expect to see the race go the full distance of 71 laps. now in seems like a second ago that he was passing into Bull Racing conditions Max and pit under the safety car to switch to the extremes. 2016 Lap Fifty three laps completed. many crashes do they want to impossible out says like a exclaims are just waiting for a Lap safety car is going so slow that struggling to keep the temperature in these says has pitted to fit full wets again. Lap Safety car still out an email from guessing it will be dry in for the final grand so cannot see so long as his car holds up not finishing worse than second. seems to be the race driver actually able to take on the cars though and he could be very desirable in the years to Lap Some of the marshals out on the course are in tears at the news of crash. The driver has walked back to the pit where he receives a guard of from the other teams. and all among those to hug as are his family. The entry to the pit lane is now so hope that nobody comes hurtling down there. a lot of people out there hugging to 2016 Lap Remember got to get to 54 laps for their to be full points and got about 30 minutes to complete. So it looks as though there is going to be full points. Good news for Formula 1 CLASSIFICATION All set for a dramatic finale at as the drivers queue up behind the Safety Car 2016 Lap crash is really going to hurt lead of 25 seconds over has been wiped as has his 46 second lead over in fifth. Lap spins crashed in his final race on home soil. terrible for the but what does that mean in the context of this race. The safety car is out once is he gets out the crowd and waves to the before holding up a flag to the adoring crowd. wet through. Formula 1 the way wanted to end his last he soaks up the applause and cheers of the fans 2016 Lap in fifth. in 10th. Formula 1 SECTORS Bull Bull Bull 2016 Lap he came so close to crashing coming into turn but corrects himself and continues down the home straight unhindered. That was so nearly a championship defining moment. Caution is the name of the game here for take second at this currently 18 seconds behind who has no spray to contend with. Lap takes fights but to no Lap Pit stops for both Red Bull. is now on the and he in fifth. does the takes his and comes out in Bull Racing pits on Lap 41 for inters and to take his 5 second penalty. He returns to the field in 2016 Lap comes down the inside of to take This is vintage driving from the we seen those moves for a Lap If comes 3rd today and Lewis first the title will be decided in emails in if Lewis is first and is second the championship goes to correct. Lap Heavy rain is expected in five minutes or so Lap It seems the intermediate are working. is the quickest driver on the track at and also on the is going well. are apparently. He still with in third. Lap saved there says Red Horner. heartbeat went a bit higher replies the driver. Formula 1 is How did he keep it out of the heartbeat went a bit higher 2016 Lap spins coming into the home He slides sideways down the looks destined to hit the but somehow corrects his avoids the barriers by a few and continues down the straight unhindered. did lose and comes haring up the but defends his position at the first to keep the world championship leader in third. What by the Amazing Lap is on the He charges past on the straight to take ninth. Now 1.7 secs to Meanwhile Button is changing to the but even after that the is still 1 in for The 2009 champ bolts on a set of think we have to try says 2016 Lap is fading and pass him to relegate him to 13th place. What a race this is turning out to be. Lap records the fastest lap of the getting close to within zone behind LAP 2016 Lap That was some move by The kid is just 19 years remember. moves into usurping into the points. as we hate to say was a mighty fine 2016 Lap takes to take The Red Bulls are flying out there. Remember power is less of a factor out the bravest drivers are being has a penalty remember. Lap And first into the first in third. The spray is But wait takes the wide line out of turn and out of and he takes second
The jockeying for power in the incoming administration of J. Trump and on Capitol Hill is exposing frayed nerves and lingering anger but also the seeds of new leadership in both parties. He may not yet have nominated a single cabinet or sent emissaries to the federal or held a news conference as but Trump does have a presidential inaugural committee lined up. And it includes some serious money. The Trump transition named its inaugural committee leadership team on headed by Barrack a private equity titan. Other members include the financier Lewis M. the casino magnate of the largest political donors on the wife of the investor Woody owner of the New the hedge fund manager the businessmen Ray and and the luxury casino tycoon The congratulatory visits keep on coming. second was spotted entering Trump Tower around 4 on She was in the building for nearly 25 minutes and waved to journalists and pedestrians as she left. Trump and Ms. Maples divorced in 1999 and remain on good terms. And speaking of Senator of stopped by as well. Senator John issued a blunt warning on to Trump and his emerging foreign policy try another with President V. of During the Trump described as a strong leader and suggested that the United States and might join forces in fighting the State. congratulated Trump on his election in a phone call on and discussed working together to combat terrorism and resolve the crisis in according to the account. That was too much for the chairman of the Senate Armed Services who cautioned the incoming administration not to be taken in by former last attempt at resetting relations with culminated in invasion of and military intervention in the Middle the newly said in a statement. the very the price of another would be complicity in and butchery of the he added. is an unacceptable price for a great nation. When has been at its it is when we have stood on the side of those fighting tyranny. That is where we must stand the scion of a powerful family of conservative donors and a member of executive transition has had little success in her mission to solicit names and for potential administration according to a person familiar with her outreach efforts. Ms. the daughter of the New investor has told Republican operatives and members of previous administrations that she was having trouble finding takers for posts at the under secretary level and below. She also made it clear that the transition team was more than a month behind schedule and on a tight the person said. The Mercer family has invested tens of millions of dollars in conservative causes and is considered especially close to K. the chairman of campaign who was named as his senior presidential adviser. Mercer reportedly invested million in the news site previously run by campaign also previously oversaw a financed by the Mercer family. Senator Harry of the outgoing minority took to the Senate floor with a slew of stories about bullied racist and to bash his new hobby. election sparked a wave of hate crime across This is a simple statement of said before imploring Democrats to stand as a force against Trump. Representative of was named the chairman of the National Republican Congressional the campaign arm for House succeeding Representative of In a Speaker D. called talented A. who wrote one of the pieces this year that called view of power and influence in the world inconsistent and in said in an interview on that a Trump transition aide had asked him for recommendations for the national security team. But when a former national security official in W. suggested the caveat that many foreign policy hands would enlist only if there were credible people leading national security agencies and he said he received a vituperative email in response. The tone of the email surprised he expressing a level of vengefulness at odds with an administration that is trying to fill important national security positions with qualified people. think of these jobs as said. think on the verge of a crisis With John the former United Nations emerging as a finalist for a senior national security even secretary of Senator Rand Republican of said on that he would do I to block him. Such opposition is improving the stock of W. the former New City to lead the State but is not so sure about him citing ties to foreign on The floating of as one of contenders for secretary of state has baffled members of both because his hawkish foreign policy is so at odds with campaign pitch for less military engagement in the world. That is one area in which one of rivals in the race for the Republican said he agreed with the imagine supporting anyone who learned the lesson of the last 20 said of who was ambassador to the United Nations for W. Bush during the escalation of the war in called the chief executive at Global a consulting was removed from his post overseeing the National Security Council transition after questions emerged about his lobbying ties. According to a former federal government Freedman had been using his Global Impact email to conduct official transition business. The official said that transition members were advised to use only their and that use of a business email was counter to transition policy. Freedman has worked as a security consultant for after a brief career with the federal government working for the National Security Council and the Agency for International Development. He started as a foreign government lobbyist in the when he joined a company then led by former campaign taking up prominent international such as government officials from and and the dictator from the Reached by Freedman declined to comment Vice Mike Pence and Rick a Trump campaign staff member who is close to are going over the transition staffing list to make a concerted effort to clear house of any said one transition who spoke on condition of anonymity. This means others beyond Freedman will likely be purged as well. a business magnate who is close to the tipped his hand on a former financier and hedge fund seems to have an inside track to be Treasury and a billionaire investor and turnaround could be Commerce secretary. national campaign finance does seem to have big plans. Spotted entering Trump Tower on he told working on the economic plan with the making sure we get the biggest tax bill the biggest tax changes since so a lot of exciting things in the first 100 days of the Trump Trump has called for deep tax cuts for people at all income consolidation of tax higher standard tax the elimination of the death tax and lower corporate tax rates. He has also called for ending interest and he has said he wants to end the provision that benefits private equity groups. The estimated cost to the treasury of those plans is more than trillion over 10 years. To put that in W. tax cuts in 2001 the largest in history were a wee trillion over a decade. spent months trying to persuade voters to elect him according to his he does not think he is qualified to run a federal agency in the Trump administration. According to the who is also business Trump offered the retired neurosurgeon a of job options as a reward for being a loyal ally after dropping out of the race for the Republican nomination. tell me whatever you want to it will be recounted. But has no experience running large and did not think it would be a wise move to start in the new administration. had been discussed as a candidate to lead the Department of Health and Human Services or the Department of or to be surgeon general. be like a fish out of said. Amid rising calls for change in Democratic House Democrats decided in a meeting on to postpone their leadership elections until 30. After last bruising there have been rumblings among some Democrats that perhaps a new leader should replace Representative of in the role she has held since 2003. Some members have urged Representative of to and he is considering his office said a former football player from the is in stark contrast with Ms. an affluent scion of a political family long ensconced in one of the most liberal bastions.
Guardian Cities media 10 10 yang yang yang sering yang pun yang Guardian Cities Twitter at media email email yang 
fashionable to dismiss all politicians as equally unprincipled or simply venal. Since the system is gridlocked and out of surely that means all just as bad as each amid the wreckage of the political Trump is different and not just because of his politics or his rhetoric. He is in a class of his taking narcissism and amorality to a whole new need a trove of leaked emails to understand just how different is. You just need to get to know the Trump Foundation a little better. Thanks to the dogged reporting of the we can do just that. not pretty reading. Trump and his supposedly charitable works are a grotesque distortion of a word whose roots come from the for loving people. Judging from his Trump mostly loves one whose name just happens to be of donating to a foundation with any meaningful Trump invested in his favorite inflating his This is his whether the Trump brand of politics or charity. The product is the an artificial version of the 1997 story of when he was principal of a public school for a day. It was a cute program designed to boost struggling schools in New and the supposedly wealthy property developer delighted in the school chess team was holding a bake sale to raise to pay for travel to go to a tournament. Trump handed them a fake bill. After making them the butt of his Trump wrote them a real check for just kind of person mocks the students he is supposed to be man who shows up a year to the opening of a nursery school for children with Trump sat on pretending to be a when he had given nothing. Not a penny. He posed for photos alongside then mayor and the developer who actually donated generously to build the school. Then he simply drove having done Trump. The man whose charitable foundation buys giant portraits of himself to hang in his own golf Post called more than 400 charities with some connection to Trump. It found just one gift from Trump in the past eight to the Police Athletic League of New for less than charity would not matter if he brag about it so much. The scrutiny began when he skipped a primary debate as part of his petty feud with Fox staging a for veterans instead. Trump promised to give to the but the money only materialized after months of media all his boasting about his most of the money came from outside not from Trump say this kind of man has no shame. and exactly how Trump has managed to get to be the Republican nominee for president of the United States of is the way he won the primaries. Where other candidates were mildly restrained in their and Trump could always take things beyond the extreme. No previously elected official could trash and demand payment for a border wall. Shameless is the way he has conducted himself as a nominee. He has picked fights with a Gold Star family and promised to lock up his political rival without due process. He has praised while attacking his opponent for supposedly jeopardizing national it turns out that a good chunk of Republicans like his shamelessness. They confuse his for the kind of free spirit that will reform a broken real reform candidate could have won this election in a landslide. A extremist could have rallied the disaffected masses to his Trump is no reformer and he has no He abused the tax system to convert corporate losses into personal tax benefits. Then he accused his rival of failing to stop his tax when she actually voted to close the very loophole that he has the scrutiny of his the long audits he suffers are entirely of his own making. Trump will no doubt cast such investigations as political long after this election is Trump is like the arch villain of a dozen superhero the more he is the stronger he gets. The only solution is the of election because with it comes the ultimate public matter how much the national polls the polls represent a disaster for Trump. States that he needs to win such as and are out of reach. States he needs to such as North remain in jeopardy. States that Republicans needed to defend in such as and are is only one refuge left for a man like the shameless undermining of the democratic process itself. He will challenge the election and its results. He will stir up conspiracies of fraudulent votes and rigged elections. He will this political leaders in ways that will make very he will walk away from the disaffected voters who believed his promise that he would win so much they would get bored of elections 
In autumn just returned from a year of after getting a first in economics at the University of I was living back with my parents near and two weeks into a graduate position at the accountancy The future could not have looked went back to to catch up with some friends. After a we headed back to the student union for old sake. There had been an open day on campus so the fountain was on. I got the idea to jump and tried to persuade everyone to join me. We had had a few beers but we wrecked it was just a laugh. At the end of the a mate and I decided to go for it. We ran towards but while he jumped for some put my arms over my head and did a racing remember lying face down in the time to get out but my legs work. I tried to use my arms to push myself but that going to either. I had just worked out that I roll over when the security guard pulled me was lying facing the feels quite The paramedics arrived and in the ambulance it dawned on me that I was But it occur to me for one moment that it would be feel anything from the chest down. Within half an hour I was shown my spinal in hospital. The doctor pointed to where my neck was broken. The bone was crushing my spinal cord. I asked him if I would walk and he told me he doubted got my head around the situation because one of the first things I did was call in sick to work. I told everything is going to be but broken my neck and They called my parents and on getting him then help him get back to fought hard to be but I had to accept that I would use a wheelchair for the rest of my life. I really do anything by myself and I will always need someone to wash and dress me. There were some very dark but I had something to work towards. Knowing my job was waiting for me gave me a my dad set me on fire Read was but I stayed focused. At about six weeks I was able to sit in a wheelchair for about 25 minutes. I sat for a few more minutes each but it was excruciating. It must have been so hard for my family. I remember my parents watching me trying to take crisps out of the spilling them nine I could move around in a wheelchair. I went to live with my and exactly one year after the accident I started work. I gradually increased my hours two years after the I was able to start back on the graduate scheme. I passed my professional but the need to reduce my workload meant I a I got a job as a senior lecturer in accountancy at which was a real boost. I also set up a wheelchair rugby returning to a sporting life was an important step. I went on to take a post at Business where I am now a senior teaching put off thinking about relationships because I wanted to get to a point where my spinal injury was one of the least interesting things about me. But over I began to feel ready. I met Laura two years ago and now we are married. Proposing easy I wanted to do it on but I needed help hiding the ring. I ended up asking her over a takeout feel lucky. I love my I play and I have this incredible woman in my life. I do wonder what would have happened if I dived into the fountain. If I could wake up and not be of course I would take that. But I undo my accident. achieved so much. And not everything has been despite the accident some things have actually been because of As told to you have an experience to Email and 
Victor flew to in May and spent the next three months soaking up the sunshine. The striker had just been released by West after what can politely be put as an season under Tony and Premier League clubs were not exactly queuing up for his of his own the powerfully built former forward hired a personal trainer in working out three times a day with the celebrity fitness guru train at Muscle he said. football between sessions he watched with interest as his former manager at succeeded at and then struggled to sign a striker to complement understudy When one did not picked up the phone and in was installed on scores two as haul Hull City into trouble Read forward a couple of months and he has confounded his critics by scoring three goals in two the latter pair at home against Hull City on in a 3-0 victory that finally lifted off the bottom of the Premier League and simultaneously pushed Mike side back into deep was like a young said. was The admiration is mutual. knows got this love for said. had a lot of bigger money offers from abroad but I always wanted to come back and play for this was about his physical emailed him videos of those workouts. Yet having convinced the to offer him another initial progress was slow. felt great but it match says a man who struggled so hard to score in one early training session that everyone coaching and medical staff broke into relieved applause when he finally managed to hit the back of the who has scored in successive league games for the first time since has never been prolific but he proved integral to first win of the season at two weeks ago and his importance against a Hull at found him action recommenced following a dusky hiatus caused by a power cut and the need to connect the floodlights to a truly stepped out of the shadows. His first goal came when he dodged Josh and beat at the near the second from a pass when his first touch took him away from a defender before he lashed home a thunderous bravery in pairing who opened the scoring with his 150th Premier League goal and in a flexible 4-4-2 formation threatens to the best always wanted to play with and I also wanted to taste what like to play in the said a forward with scope to drift deeper and left when heard how passionate the fans are and that sort of support really drives you on. At times against Hull we were dead on our feet but the crowd pushed us on. it really helps. And this club has great no comparison with West the facilities here are different he seems rather indifferent towards life at The Hawthorns. being played much but I bothered because it gave me time to concentrate on my body. On getting stronger. I tried to turn a bad time into a good time and I always remembered the belief has in 
President is considering removing S. Rogers from his posts as leader of the National Security Agency and United States Command after top officials expressed frustration over the speed at which Admiral Rogers had moved to combat the State and over the repeated loss of closely guarded administration and intelligence officials said J. Trump is considering Admiral who is responsible for surveillance and the growing arsenal of for a top post in his including director of national intelligence overseeing all 16 intelligence agencies. Admiral Rogers met with Trump on apparently without the White knowledge. The recommendation to remove Admiral a career intelligence officer who was promoted to his posts by the administration two years came last month from Defense Secretary B. Carter and the current director of national R. Clapper Administration and intelligence who insisted on anonymity to detail the private said the recommendation that Admiral Rogers be removed was not related to interest in hiring him. they it was driven by breaches during Admiral tenure at the and his leadership of the agency. The White House and the Pentagon declined to comment on Admiral fate. Reached by phone on Admiral Rogers declined to comment. The effort to force out Admiral which was first reported by The puts Trump in the position of considering whether to as the man who would brief him on intelligence matters each a admiral whom the White House is considering relieving of his posts. It also raises the question of why would consider firing one of the top intelligence officers in the last days of his administration. Admiral replacement would not be confirmed until after Trump takes over. One senior intelligence official argued that letting word of the effort leak seemed more about politics or vengeance than about effecting any real change. Representative of the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee and a member of transition strongly defended Admiral Rogers. In a letter to Carter and asked them to testify before his committee to explain why they want to push Rogers out. not by accident that Admiral Rogers meets with the and two days later this which is completely built on said in a short interview. Carter and Clapper had submitted a formal recommendation to the White House to split the which conducts foreign surveillance and secures military from the Command. But there are questions inside the giant complex at Fort where the and Command are about whether the military is ready to survive on its own. It relies heavily on the talent of the which dates back to the early who has begun filling the top echelons of his national security team with met with Admiral Rogers on at Trump Tower in New Senior Defense Department and intelligence officials were surprised that Admiral while on personal had paid a visit to Trump. first major disagreement with Admiral Rogers dates to the fall of when he expressed mounting frustration that which is responsible for offensive action against was not acting aggressively enough to disrupt the networks in and In the Carter said for the first time that the United States was using its against the State. But the effort was moving too slowly for the Pentagon and Carter went to Fort several weeks ago to give Admiral Rogers and his team kick in the one official said. Top national security officials had also come to see Admiral Rogers as lacking leadership at a moment of wrenching change for the He took command after the disclosures of widespread surveillance by J. the former and the efforts he directed to seal up the agency proved they said. That perception was underlined by the disclosure in that the had secretly arrested a former T. Martin and was investigating whether he had stolen and disclosed highly classified computer code developed by the agency to hack into the networks of foreign governments. Martin was charged with theft of government property and the unauthorized removal or retention of classified documents. Administration officials had planned to relieve Admiral Rogers of his duties after the election and announce a plan to create separate chains of command for the and Command. But the supported by Carter and stalled in part because of opposition from Senator John Republican of who heads the Armed Services Committee. Under the Command would remain under the Armed Services but oversight of the would shift to the Senate Intelligence Committee. victory complicated the planning. On one major Trump and Admiral Rogers disagree quite publicly. While Trump has insisted that no one knows whether was responsible for the hacking of email accounts of the Democratic National Committee and a range of prominent formal Admiral Rogers has said he has no doubt. He recently said that was not something that was done this was not something that was done by this was not a target that was selected purely He was a conscious effort by a to attempt to achieve a specific Coming into the Admiral Rogers said one of his top goals was to make sure that on the United States had consequences for the attackers. In he proposed a series of possible options to respond to the which intelligence in a public said the leadership had to have been aware of. But the White House rejected the fearing that they could start an escalating that the United States might not be able to win decisively.
The Department of Education is poised to exact a record fine to State University for its mishandling of sexual assault incidents that include the infamous child sex abuse crimes committed by Jerry hands damages to State in scandal Read proposed which will surpass the previous highest penalty for a case of this nature by more than was immediately hailed by advocates as a warning shot to other signals a significant change in how seriously the department is taking its enforcement said S a longtime campus safety advocate. is a major shift that is important for all higher education institutions in the United fine comes nearly five years to the day after a child sex abuse scandal rocked the State community with revelations that senior administrators had failed to act on reports that an assistant football was sexually abusing young boys. The in plunged State into a federal criminal investigation. A searing report by the former director of the confirmed that its athletic the head of its campus and the revered football were all exposed as having played key roles in a of crimes. Amid the the department of education quietly opened up an inquiry into whether State officials had violated the a 1990 act of Congress that requires colleges to track and publicly disclose crimes that occur on campus or in the vicinity. But of all the investigations into said it may be this one that has the greatest implications for other schools which mishandle cases of sexual misconduct. The significance is in the sheer breadth and detail of the investigation. Whereas previous education department probes have covered only a few years of alleged the duration of crimes forced investigators to search for Act infractions dating all the way back to concluded that State had committed 11 different violations from 1998 to ranging from a failure to maintain a daily crime log to a failure to issue timely warnings about a crime to the campus community. A major failure came when the school failed to notify the campus about the forthcoming charges against a man who was about to be charged with violent crimes against defenseless minors was free to roam the State as he the report the largest individual the department has proposed penalizing State for a to properly classify reported incidents and disclose crime statistics from overall fine was that large because in this the department uncovered a history of sustained said Carter. State said the report was being reviewed and noted that since 2011 it has implemented training and collection processes under the could think of few other probes that cover such a long period of time. But the steep fine proposed for State was not just a function of the span of time investigators is the first major investigation to be concluded by a new education department division dedicated solely to probing Act he noted. they could be putting their stamp on what Act enforcement is going to look like in the years going Carter report gave more detail about the accusations against who was sentenced to several decades in prison in late 2012. The report said State officials disclosed in that 45 people have claimed they were victims of who was convicted of abusing 10 boys. The education department said police department concealed its investigation into a 1998 report involving and a boy in a team shower. Police record the matter on its daily crime log even though university policy required that the log describe the location and time of every criminal report also disclosed new details about including that he once had his secretary email university officials to say he would take care of disciplining players involved in a 2007 fight at an apartment building. who was seen at the time as a then two of the players to advise them on avoiding the campus adjudication the school attempted to reform its disciplinary the report resisted. ensued was an overlong and dysfunctional standoff between the football program and student affairs officials with the president positioned somewhere between the two the report said. members of the football aware of the took the attitude toward the student conduct process as license to break the said the fine was in keeping with a for the past two the education department has steadily increased its penalties for schools that violate the the early fines exceeding five figures were incredibly rare. Only twice between 2000 and 2010 did the department impose a and the median fine during that period was from 2011 to the department doubled the rate at which it slapped universities with and the median fine increased to State could negotiate for a settlement amount of less than But the college is still likely to pay a record penalty. To the largest fine a college has paid for Act violations is the Eastern University paid in we determine that an institution is not upholding this then there must be said undersecretary at the education State sexual abuse and sexual 
The world is shocked that elected Trump as its 45th president. Exit polls show that the country is sharply divided on Trump along the same lines as its sharp divisions on climate ideology was the single strongest determining factor in the election. of Republicans voted for while of Democrats voted for Ideology is also the primary factor associated with acceptance or denial of global as climate scientist explained eloquently in this Twitter Global Weirding with Episode was the determining factor in the presidential election. Trump won white voters by 21 percentage won minorities by 53 points. Minorities are also far more likely to accept and be concerned about climate change than white As Bee white bear responsibility for electing Twitter Full Frontal with divide was the determining factor in the presidential election. won urban voters by 24 Trump won rural voters by 28 points. In many cities are leading the way in taking action to curb global voters younger than 45 went for by a while older voters preferred Trump by 11 points. Voters under the age of 30 voted for by an margin. young are far more likely to be concerned about climate change than older there is a gender though smaller than many expected. Despite accusations from 15 women that Trump or assaulted and a recording of Trump bragging about sexually assaulting he only lost the female vote by 12 points the same margin by which he won the male and approximately the same margin by which beat and among women. White women even favored Trump by 10 and white women without a college degree by an astonishing 28 points. misogyny dissuade women from voting for him. They normally favor Democratic presidential candidates by a margin of about 20 points more than men. also the margin by which women are more concerned about climate change than did elect and then important to remember that as with Gore in more voted for than her victorious opponent. Gore received about a half million more votes than W. Bush. will likely receive over a million more votes than Trump. Bush and Trump were elected because of the antiquated electoral college the popular vote was closer in 2016 than in 2012 or 2008. Republican voters were willing to forgive many disqualifying flaws. They care about his constant lies. per cent of evangelicals voted for Trump despite his long history of immoral behavior. But many voters willing to overlook the scandal of emails. And much of support was concentrated in areas like my home state of where she won by over 28 while enough rural white Trump voters were distributed across swing states to give him narrow victories and electoral college votes. Trump won four states with a total of 75 electoral college votes and by margins of 1.3 points or the same reason why Republicans control a large majority in the House of Representatives despite receiving more than a million fewer total votes than their Democratic Republican voters are more widely geographically distributed than urban Democratic voters. has become a that minority being rural white explaining the election result is simple Republicans voted for Trump and Democrats voted for received more but Trump won most of the states in which the vote was close. Trump won in areas with less whiter populations with fewer immigrants. In these insulated people fear their way of life is and largely right. The US a coal manufacturing country anymore. Trump promised to change but he and his policies will hurt his voters. is changing and not the fault of Democrats or but Trump made them scapegoats and made empty promises to turn back the clock. Democrats need to find a way to connect with and help these groups who feel the government on their does this mean for the John wrote last now that the Republican Party controls the US they own climate change. For was the country most to blame for obstructing international efforts to curb climate change. Our senate refused to ratify the Protocol. President W Bush refused to take any action to cut US carbon pollution. Senate Republicans blocked the cap and trade legislation passed by the House of Representatives in 2009. over the past four the US has taken action and shown leadership in tackling climate change. As a humans had a slim chance of keeping global warming below the dangerous limit. Trump and congressional Republicans have vowed to reverse that progress. The energy page of official presidential transition website focuses on extracting and burning lots and lots of fossil fuels and scrapping climate Trump has already appointed a climate denier who wants to dismantle the Clean Power Plan to lead the transition. If the Republican party continues on this the costs and suffering from intensified heat and sea levels engulfing coastal etc it will be on the do we do the we must continue trying to break through Republican science denial. Many Republican policymakers are rumored to accept global warming in we have to change the political climate so that this a disqualifying position for a party leader to take in public. There is no reason that Republicans have to deny climate science and in the only major political party in the world that and most of their voters support climate action. We can donate to and volunteer to help bipartisan climate groups like Climate which is working with policymakers from both parties to build the political will to solve the climate problem. These groups are now more important than probably be able to limit global warming to but is less damaging than and less than 3.5 or As the renowned climate scientist once climate change will be a combination of and suffering. never too late to take action to limit the amount of suffering our children and grandchildren will face due to climate cities and states will have to keep leading the way in cutting carbon pollution. will have to keep fighting to rid the of the intellectual rot that currently plagues the party. And while fight to right the the rest of the world will have to pick up the slack and fight even harder against climate change. As said in her gracious concession loss hurts. But please never stop believing that fighting for right is worth get to work on Make Smart change Consensus the gas 
Tom is being lined up to appear as an expert witness for the at the rehearing of the Best case this week. A former champion jump jockey in will offer his own interpretation of the rides given to two horses last it being alleged by ruling body that both horses were stopped on the matter was first heard in much of the focus was on the ability and credibility of the jockey who was well beaten on both Echo and Missile Man. Having been found by both sets of stewards to be in breach of the rules requiring sufficient John claimed that Best had told him to stop the two horses. Best denied that and accused John of lying in order to deflect blame from of this rehearing is expected to be given over to interpretation of the rides that John gave the two horses. There was no expert testimony at the first hearing but will now provide the disciplinary panel with the benefit of his own view on the shared the title with Frank Berry at the end of the 1985-86 when both rode 53 winners. He was attached to the yard at that time and won the 1982 Supreme Novice Hurdle for the trainer aboard Miller becoming the first jockey to ride into new of case against trainer Best delayed further Read based himself in England as first jockey to John for whom he won a Queen Mother Champion Chase on He was leading rider at the 1989 Festival but may be best remembered for a defeat that as he was second on the 25-1 shot Yahoo when Desert Orchid achieved a famous victory in the Gold Cup. then rode over to pat the winner in a moment subsequently described by the Guardian writer as most beautiful sporting gesture I have ever Authority declined to comment on the eve of the rehearing but it is believed the regulator will not field an expert witness of its own. John is expected to be the only prosecution as he was at the first and the will argue that his taken together with footage of both is enough to find Best in breach of the was banned for four years after the first hearing but the validity was challenged within when Best himself discovered that the chairman of the original the solicitor had been working privately for the for some years. An appeal panel subsequently quashed verdict on the grounds of an appearance of bias and also because the published reasons were found to be began a difficult summer for the integrity whose work has never previously attracted such scrutiny. Some of the heat went out of the subject when an independent review by the barrister made 24 recommendations for change that were immediately adopted by the including a revised power structure intended to ensure the disciplinary panel system is truly independent of the regulator in future. The exit of the integrity director who quit in should also allow the to move on from this for all that his departure was said to be unrelated to the rehearing is accompanied by escalating tension at the High where there is bitter resentment that the pursuit of what officials see as a legitimate case should have rebounded so badly on the ruling outcome matters enormously. If Best is found in officials will feel able to claim that a satisfactory destination has been even if there were bumps on the road. the case falls there will be questions about the judgment of senior officials who insisted on pursuing it despite the variety of ways in which their handling of it has been attacked as accuses of over Best case Read likely flash point this week is an email sent in from the to in which the authority outlined what it would seek in the way of punishment for John if his evidence were as his lawyer had predicted. The and solicitor both deny that this amounts to evidence of a deal being struck in exchange for the jockey giving representatives are unlikely to let the matter rest there and will point to the fact that the initially resisted disclosing the email to them at the first hearing. did not refer to the email in his an omission which was described as by the appeal who said it was of potential relevance on the issue of 
New legal guidance for universities on how to deal with alleged student misconduct including violence against harassment and hate crimes has been issued by Universities the umbrella for sector and a welcome step sex abuse report fails to tackle staff attacks on students Read the first it that universities themselves can initiate disciplinary action for possible criminal and can also impose precautionary such as the exclusion or suspension of an accused problem is that the guidance applies to a multitude of crimes and one size does not fit all. The issues that arise in relation to allegations of theft or criminal damage are very different from those that relate to sexual definition of guidance states that it is and for a university to make a finding of and states that alleged will be in a disciplinary process. This is technically correct. A university cannot find anyone guilty of the criminal of as it is not a criminal court. the example sets out misconduct as intercourse without which is in essence the definition of in determining the alleged facts and matters albeit to a lower threshold of proof than in a criminal the disciplinary panel is in effect called to determine whether it is more likely than not that a rape occurred. The facts of the case will be the same whether it is called rape or are left in the difficult position of having to investigate and gather evidence as to whether the rape happened. And they are not given any further guidance as to what constitutes appropriate evidence. Nor are universities guided as to who should gather evidence and exactly what training such an investigator should for in order to satisfactorily question about that in very many rape and sexual assault cases the issue is not if the incident occurred but whether or not it was it is very likely that and then disciplinary will find themselves having to assess the credibility of conflicting was being but my university refused to protect me Read is here that I think there is most cause for concern. It is in research that sexual evoke responses based on societal attitudes and beliefs around appropriate sexual People make assumptions about consent and credibility based on which tend to blame the victim and justify the of the perpetrator. These myths relate to how the victim was her alcohol whether she flirted or somehow the whether she how she behaved during and after the assault and her general sexual university administrators and managers somehow exempt from having such Particularly worrying in this regard is a reference to facts and matters leading to an which could be interpreted as inviting universities to assess exactly these types of factors. The criminal justice system and makes provision for the complexities of in sexual judges must attend intensive residential training juries are to be directed about reliance on rape and there is a set of rules relating to the admissibility of sexual history evidence and the capacity to the guidance for universities is silent on these key issues of rape myths and in the guidance suggests that terms such as which may need interpreting in a disciplinary process be defined in the code of conduct. It recommends that the legal definition of consent be yet that definition itself has been subject to much academic criticism for its lack of clarity. It would be better for the to offer a definition for universities to was so accounts of sexual harassment in universities Read are some very positive such as that victims be protected in for by use of video and that the accused student has the right to hear the evidence against despite the excellence of the steering group in their own the absence of sexual lawyers has led to some worrying gaps in the guidance. I think that the legal guidance should be revisited by More detailed pointers on how to gather and assess and the appropriate training required for investigators and needs to be set the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education and sexual 
When family announced last week that he had died at it gave no cause. Although the poet and songwriter had been open about his failing health in recent fans knew little other than what The New Yorker reported in its weekly radio that had been battling cancer. On B. offered more detail about his death. died during his sleep following a fall in the middle of the night on said in a statement. death was unexpected and In the months before his was busy. Even as his body was growing frail and he was experiencing pains in his he was working diligently to bring several projects to according to friends and colleagues. In addition to finishing his last Want It which was released in he was working on two other musical projects and a book of poetry. felt the window getting said a producer and songwriter who had worked closely with on his last three albums. wanted to use the time as productively as he could to finish the work that he was so good at and so devoted whose working pace was slow he took five years to write his most famous had been extremely productive in recent touring steadily between 2008 and 2013 and releasing three studio albums since 2012. Some of that his collaborators was a matter of polishing material he had been working on for many years. said that when they were at work on an album of string arrangements of his songs and another of songs that he said were inspired by old grooves. Describing their working who has collaborated with Pink and many other said that he would sometimes get emails through the night in which tweaked lyrics. Then joked about it in further emails the next day. feel really grateful that I have been able to have my email a new At times this people who wrote to usually a dependable correspondent on email got an automatic response. a host on the public radio station got a terse to and got a worried feeling. told me that he was unplugging from the digital said. But that message was also way of keeping distractions at bay while he worked. In the weeks and months before his he appears to have engaged in as much creative activity as he could handle. said that he emailed a set of new tracks the morning he died. Other friends spoke of dining with him just days before. Last and his who produced Want It were interviewed by in a promotional event for the album at the Consulate General of had to be helped to his seat and appeared short of breath. But he spoke with his typical mixture of spiritual wisdom and wit. often said that if I knew where the good songs came from go there more in his deep when asked about his songwriting method. said that after the he asked whether fans could expect another album. genuinely seemed to not know the answer to that said. Through a declined to comment for this but in a post last week announcing his he I write this thinking of my unique blend of and his approachable his charisma without his gentlemanliness and the tower of his Even near debonair charm was intact. a singer and songwriter who has been a longtime collaborator of said she was sitting in the front row at the consulate and she gave a hug as he stepped down from his seat. said into my look Ms. recalled. She had last seen in just before she left for a concert tour. He invited her to his and after first offering her ice cream and played her the new album on a As the songs he closed his eyes and recited the words quietly to she a ritual she had witnessed many times before. But this time he was working against the clock. was dealing with the ultimate I Ms. wanted to make sure that he got everything out that he wanted to
Here is this songs picked by a reader from your suggestions after last Thanks for them all. Read more about how our weekly readers recommend series works at the end of the are everywhere. From in to in from to hear them on street corners and in concert halls. Our first extra terrestrial contact will probably be with a little green man playing Bobby on a thought selecting this would be relatively a piece of just pick the songs and tunes known and loved and that have nominated myself had I not been in the chair. What could be the People were bound to nominate them only have to put them into a pleasing running order and write a few words about them. It turned out to be a lot more difficult than that. Some of my prospective choices did turn some songs turned up but with different singers. But all in not that many. What I did get was a tumultuous variety. A bit of a bit of there. And it set me thinking. Twitter The recommend is like a great big cooking and each week we come along with our carefully ingredients and put them on the and then the chef will take their pick from the wonderful selection of produce and skilfully create an aural dish to set before the of La Scenic and El A Pair of Brown Constant Swimming The Boy in the Get Are We the pot throw two cups of chopped La and fry gently until soft this will bring a robust and strident to the but with a North twist. Bring to the boil and then add one and a half of Beach Boys this will add sunshine freshness and give the dish its depth. add a couple of handfuls of Promised Land a tangy variety of Chuck succulent original but no less Give a good stir and cover. While bubbling chop up equal amounts about a handful of each of and blend in some sparing with the a little goes a long and add to the pot. Season with a good dollop of and return to a low another heat some Project and add the a holy trinity of fiddle and accordion. for five minutes and add the Boy in the Bubble and the Alcohol and reduce until about half its original content. Transfer contents of both pans into an dish and cover. Cook in a low oven for 1-2 hours. Remove from sprinkle liberally with some grated Jukebox and serve with a nice bottle of how to join new theme will be announced at on 24 You have until on 28 to submit a reminder of some of the guidelines for you have a good theme or if like to volunteer to compile a from suggestions and write a about please email is a wealth of data on including the songs that are at the It also tells you the meaning of and other strange words used by regulars also congregate at the 
Two months the National Labor Relations Board ruled that students who are also teachers at private universities in the US count as employees under federal law. This means they are entitled to vote for a union. A change in law may not seem very exciting but the day of the ruling was one of the most thrilling of our we graduate teaching assistants need you to fight for us Read are graduate teachers at Robin is a is a political theorist and Josh is an literature scholar. We have been campaigning for recognition for our work as graduate teachers for some time. In graduate students at have been for 26 years. Ours is the union effort at a private university in the country. Generations of graduate employees before us have fought for and won improvements to our working conditions. But we still have a long way to go in order to improve our conditions which is why this and our chance to is so crucial. We have colleagues who spend more than half of their teaching salary on childcare. Others have seen their teaching workload double without any increase in their pay. And last year some graduate teachers faced a cut in their pay of nearly for doing the same type of teaching assignment that they did the year the past few demonstrated time and time again for our desire to be part of a union. marched by the hundreds in the pouring and persistently presented statements on the teaching issues we want to address through the negotiations. Last we officially chartered our HERE Local an extraordinary time for academics who want better terms and the our university ignore us any longer. The ruling means that we finally have the right to elections to win official recognition of the union an historic and an exciting time to be teaching at also an extraordinary time for the academics who want better terms and conditions beyond New Haven. In the past few years been joined by a surge of efforts at universities across the country. From to the University of to graduate teachers are insisting that our work is crucial to the educational mission of our and should be as we heard the celebrations erupted. Messages of support and congratulations poured in from around the from our peers at public universities who have unions and know how they improve from our colleagues at private universities like are thrilled to finally have the right to and from former graduate teachers campaigned for this in the past. The heart of teachers teach the classes that are at the heart of college education at The three of us have taught undergraduates to read fossil political arguments and and to see the world differently as a result. Graduate teaching assistants deserve more than per student per week Read came to graduate school because learning about these things the death spiral of horseshoe the evolution of democratic the technique of verse composition in early poetry changed our lives. And in we wanted to change the lives of our students through our still want that. But we also want the university to and support the work of teaching. We want to make a better place to teach. And we know that a union is the way to do it. In the process of our we have talked to our colleagues and each other about the vision of the university workplace we and we have advocated for the things that will bring it want our female colleagues to have recourse to a grievance process in response to sexual harassment at work. We want to secure the mental health resources necessary for teachers to combat want a union so we can campaign for affordable childcare for graduate teachers who are parents that struggle to work and care for their families. We want the chance to hold the university accountable for discrimination in the workplace. We are ready to take steps to make these visions a the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education 
Vying for lucrative deals in Chase deployed all the usual tactics that big banks use to woo clients. federal authorities now also had ways of sweetening the deal that crossed a legal line. Federal prosecutors and regulators announced on a settlement of roughly million with the bank and its Hong accusing them of a vast foreign bribery scheme that may have spread to a number of Wall Street banks. The case centered on hiring practices in where it hired the children of leaders to win business in the nation. Some of the candidates were the authorities and often ancillary telltale signs of hidden bribery. The case could lay the groundwork for the authorities to pursue penalties against other big banks as well. Banks including and Bank have hinted that they face investigations into their hiring practices in China as part of a larger sweep by the agency that began in 2013. do not expect this to be the last action resulting from that J. the head of enforcement at the Securities and Exchange told reporters on It is unclear what will happen to the investigation under the J. Trump. and other officials who led the investigation are expected to leave the government in the coming weeks. In the investigation of it was not immediately apparent whether the bank would be accused of carrying out a quid pro quo an issue at the heart of whether violated United States law governing foreign bribery. The bank argued that the hiring of employees was routine in and that its own hires fell into a gray area of foreign bribery laws. But the prosecutors and regulators say that as hired more and more candidates based on referrals from senior bankers in several instances explicitly tied those jobs or internships to securing deals with companies. To be a referred candidate had to in the own a attributable linkage to business a scheme that enabled the company to win or retain business resulting in more than million in revenue for the bank or its prosecutors and regulators said. common refrain that this is simply how business is done overseas is no said L. the United States attorney in whose office helped lead the criminal investigation into the bank. is no longer business as it is the authorities acknowledged that cooperated extensively with the investigation and they lowered the penalty accordingly. The the authorities also disciplined nearly two dozen employees and significant employment that led to the departure of six employees who participated in the misconduct. pleased that our cooperation was a said in a statement. conduct was stopped the hiring program in 2013 and took action against the individuals added. have also made improvements to our hiring procedures and reinforced the high standards of conduct expected of our When the China hiring investigation first came to light in a article in The New Times three years it topped a growing list of regulatory problems at the bank. In addition to the billion whale trading the bank reached a billion settlement with the Justice Department over its sale of mortgage securities in the to the 2008 financial crisis. The settlement in the China hiring case puts to rest one of last big regulatory headaches. For all the scrutiny of big no top bankers have gone to jail since the financial crisis an absence that has drawn much criticism and public debate. Even J. Trump joined the chorus of critics this year during his saying bankers should go to jail if they had done something The foreign bribery case against will not alleviate those concerns. The United States office in and the Justice criminal division in imposed a million penalty on the bank but did not charge any of the bankers who doled out the though the investigation is ongoing. The bank itself also secured a moral victory by avoiding criminal and instead negotiated a rare agreement. The will assess the largest about million of the overall million while the Fed will impose a roughly million penalty. competed with other big global banks to secure lucrative assignments in China as companies were selecting banks to help them go public. And at one some bankers concluded that they needed to escalate their hiring to better compete with their rivals. lost a deal to DB today because they got daughter work for them this one investment banking executive remarked to using the initials for Bank. Another managing director in wrote that bank needed to ramp up its client referral adding that people thought the other banks doing a much better It was later decided that referrals by decision makers clients who had the ability to influence a deal would receive priority. hiring known within the bank as the Sons and Daughters began a decade ago. the program sought to prevent violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices the law that underpins the case against and essentially bans United States companies from giving of to a foreign official to win improper in retaining business. But as the bank faced increased and it expanded the program in senior bankers the federal authorities say. They explicitly tied those jobs or internships to securing deals with the prosecutors and regulators using them as tool to influence senior Sons and Daughters program was nothing more than bribery by another R. the head of the Justice criminal said in a statement. Over a hired about 200 interns and employees at the request of potential clients and foreign government authorities say. Around half of these candidates were referred by government officials at companies and government agencies. executives in then used their connections with these government agencies to help the company and clients navigate tangled regulatory landscapes. In late a employee in Hong created a spreadsheet that tracked hires to specific clients. The spreadsheet included a column for the amount of revenue attributable to the hire. Many of the job candidates were the authorities but hired them anyway. There was the hire whose productivity was described as and the son of a powerful executive who had a degree but a very poor and had both an and a Then there was the son of a official who did very in his interviews but still secured a position in New only to be transferred again. A banker later reported that the hire out an he inadvertently copied to an where he made some inappropriate sexual his peers described him as irresponsible and but he kept his job. The internal cost of the Sons and Daughters program would later be chalked up to marketing prosecutors and regulators said. When executives in New executives in would step in. On at least one the unit created a position in New and diverted some of its budget to pay the candidates. the head of the foreign bribery noted that the controls were so weak that not a single referral hire request was The internal emails also show reluctance to hire candidates unless doing so would definitely lead to win business. In one bankers discussed the possibility of honoring a hiring request from a senior executive of a private manufacturing company that was preparing an initial public offering of stock. When the offering was postponed and one of the bankers inquired whether it was worth hiring the a executive in Hong am supportive of bringing her on board given at while do you get the best quid pro quo from the relationship upon confirmation of the A banker client has communicated clearly the quid pro quo on this The company ultimately chose to work on the offering.
A doctor who took temperature hours before she was diagnosed with is facing a disciplinary hearing next it has who volunteered in Sierra in her first year after graduating from medical will appear before the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service over the airport screening of following her return to the in referral emerged as she was giving evidence in the case of another volunteer who is accused of concealing elevated temperature before she became a senior nurse with more than 30 was described as a by the former international development secretary Greening in a government promotional campaign. But she now faces being struck off over claims she recorded temperature as normal during a screening at airport on 28 who twice nearly died from the was cleared of misconduct over the recording of her raised temperature can be the first sign of and went on to develop one of the worst cases on record for people treated in the the Nursing and Midwifery Council in east on Wood faced three misconduct charges. She allegedly recorded a temperature lower than it was during a screening process at was because she knew this was and failed to escalate the potential marker for appropriately. Twitter Wood was the face of a 2014 Behind the to encourage volunteers to work in Sierra the the case told an panel that temperature had been taken by who had returned from Sierra with Wood and first reading from her left ear was above the average body temperature of and higher than the threshold of that requires further assessment by a consultant in infectious had stated that she was in after taking temperature in her left and right ears and finding it Hall said. told her to stay we were both a bit said hearing was told that an elevated temperature was considered the first reaction to which can kill within five asked if she was feeling She said she was feeling told the hearing in a written witness statement. stood there in shock. It was like I was I had no clear thought process. is such a horrible disease that every time you have a high temperature you even when you know no reason said only the three medics were present and that Wood the inertia by saying something just going to write it down as 37.2 so they could out of here and sort it three medics had returned to a screening area described by various witnesses as dangerous and even chaotic by some of those Hall said. They had been asked to fill in a Public Health England form and wait for a medic to take their temperature. Amid the they decided to record their own the hearing was subsequently allowed to leave the screening area and enter the arrivals section because her form did not state that her temperature was above At some point had taken the panel meanwhile informed another volunteer doctor returning from Sierra questioned about her temperature and urged her not to fly on to returned to the screening area where her temperature was taken three more times. Only one of those readings was above the threshold of and she was allowed to fly night fell seriously ill and it later emerged that she had one of the highest virus loads on claims to is impaired by reason of your denied the charges on her hearing was told had felt warm on the plane but later said she had been joking. The volunteers on the plane with including had it to her sleeping in a In who works at hospital in was the face of the campaign to get volunteers to work in Sierra to help stop the spread of the worst outbreak in history. Greening said at the like spending on the treatment wards are an absolutely essential part of our efforts to control and defeat this terrible admitted becoming about the decision to allow an incorrect temperature to be recorded when was initially screened. was worried about I was worried about I was worried about myself. I know what we had done right and it may lead to she told the told the independent panel that by the time she got to the arrivals hall she knew that they could not leave the airport and informed another who was a registrar in infectious of the elevated temperature. On was taken back to the screening denied allegations put to her by counsel that emails she had exchanged with were intended to or who works at the Royal is under investigation by the General Medical Council and is scheduled to appear before the next March. misconduct which is scheduled to last until 25 
does not have many memories of her death but one distressingly vivid snapshot stayed with her for years. She was 11 and attending her funeral when she at her body as it lay in an open casket. It was only when was in her and mentioned it to her dad that he corrected there had been no open casket and she had never seen her body. In she and her brother had refused to attend the memories have resurfaced in recent years for who is but they have not come through conversations with her or but by striking up a relationship with an insect a monarch was born in to parents who moved to along with her and her older when she was six. A couple of years her mother became ill. really understand what it was but I knew it was She has few memories of her mother being well. childhood memories are mostly of her she says. was sick for what felt a long a few images stayed with remember her being in pain and really really frail with I remember her being carried upstairs and and I remember her puking quite a a rather shy civil dealt with the tragedy of her premature death by rarely mentioning it. never talked about my mom. There pictures around the house. The good thing he did was let me throw myself into was poor who mucked out the stables and tacked up the horses for wealthier children. She exercised horses for a trainer and in return was given lessons. was brought up by horses. I spent every hour at the stables. go there after school until sunset every Twitter Monarch butterflies at a sanctuary in art she talked herself into an internship with a big ad agency in and settled working all hours in the advertising industry. On a rare she returned to for a month. A friend picked up a guidebook that mentioned tours to see monarch which fly between North and every year and gather in forests in huge swarms. They climbed a mountain and in a sunlit glade found thousands of brilliant orange migrants like how come ever told me about My family heard of them and know It it completely floored me. I was in was fascinated by this spectacular migration and its impact on those who regularly witness it. She began researching and discovered stories of people seeing monarchs when a loved one passed away. had stumbled on a fascinating piece of symbolism that recurs in many ancient and the belief that butterflies represent the human soul or spirit set butterfly lovers in saw a morality tale in the of the we were greedy doomed to toil on this earth but each with a chance to transform ourselves into a a soul ascending into heaven. In white butterflies were regarded as the souls of children. In butterflies were found in the cells of executed convicts who had recently converted to read some startling tales of butterflies appearing during times of including a detective who saw monarch butterflies rising from the dusty rubble of Ground Zero after the attacks. She also spotted how it all connected through Day of the which occurs every autumn at the time migrating monarchs return from North to their ancestral homeland. the butterflies are viewed as the returning souls of the dreamed of making a film about this remarkable butterfly but it looked like fate would stop her. On the day she made a video to the money for a she fell off a horse while riding through near and suffered a severe brain injury. Twitter as a baby with her she had no memory. But one recent recollection floated into her mind the video just made. was the one thing my body held on to that so I placed a lot of importance on she says. have to make this film because some weird part of my brain remembered she had to recover from her brain injury. For six she mostly slept. Her dad and his moved from to to help look after her and she had to teach herself to walk and write again. While she was still in her dad told it was 1 and asked her if she knew its significance. She suddenly remembered it was her partner birthday. When Verity arrived for her daily sang happy birthday as she walked into the hospital room I remembered everything from that moment on. Doctors say sometimes you just need a trigger in your brain to make you snap back into Twitter The trailer for Es her she could not return to work at her second raised enough money on to make her documentary. She also got on a horse again because she needed to ride one up the mountains to film the butterflies. When she first got back on a with her former riding trainer in in the riding arena was a monarch butterfly. never seen one there before. They are pretty mystical to rural to film the she was not immediately people were suspicious of the and believe she was because her sounded so North She chatted to a woman from the conservation charity who was putting her up for the night and mentioned her mother originally came from a renowned place of pilgrimage. Her conservationist friend suggested tell local people that fact when she tried filming the next day. moment I said local people literally opened their doors and We had the best day butterfly migration to jumps after years of decline Read is a small example of how feels that the and her own has been touched by her mother. is this weird confidence that I she says. just seem to have this luck and spirit of trying stuff and She spoke to her who told just finishing off what your mom have time to I do kind of feel that in a meaning film about the wondrous migration of the monarchs metamorphosed into an exploration of bereavement and Es is thought I was making a film about butterflies and it ended up being a documentary about in a really gentle she says. film was made because of the loss of my mom. an example of the beauty that can come from film does not directly address her own grief but instead beautifully and sensitively examines grieving people across North and who have found solace in encounters with butterflies. Twitter really proud of the way deals with death traditionally I want to share moving is the story of the sisters from who were given a monarch caterpillar by their kindergarten teacher shortly before their older died. Their mom considered the gift a bit silly but the children enjoyed watching the caterpillars grow and create its chrysalis. passed away and the whole family found themselves anxiously waiting to see if the butterfly would emerge. On the day of the monarch flew free from its rural was struck by the degree of comfort provided by the Day of the Dead celebrations. a really amazing tradition one day of the year that you talk about people who passed build an bring up stories. not left alone in your grief and in your memory of a person. Everyone in your comes together to tend to the graves and see little kids and dogs and aunties running around the cemetery. We never did that. We have such an isolated way of dealing with death. really proud of the way deals with death traditionally I want to share that with dad has watched Es and it encouraged them to talk about their loss a little more. For this was asked for old photos of her and her mom. She think any but she emailed her dad in and he sent her 50. memories were of her really hospitals and doctors but the pictures were typical happy family pictures camping walking the dog. There were really happy times and we did normal things and we were in the like everybody else. I cried. It was like looking at someone else that little girl who lost her this sees how the act of making Es has drawn her closer to the biggest bereavement in her life. uncomfortable with it before but I feel really at peace with it she says. the people in this film and their way of dealing with they are so positive about been really healing for and 
Democratic party officials in four swing states have sought federal court injunctions against the Trump campaign and its alleging they plan to intimidate minority voters on election lawsuits argue that the Trump along with the close confidant Roger Stone and state Republican party is to and thereby prevent minority voters in urban neighborhoods from citing continuing efforts to recruit and as revealed by the to conduct unorthodox on election as evidence of potentially loyalists plan own exit poll amid claims of election Read lawsuits follow another legal action taken in federal court in New Jersey last week by the Democratic National which argues that the Republican National Committee is in violation of a 1982 consent decree that forbids the from monitoring polls on election day. Stone told the Guardian last week his group The planned to conduct exit polling in nine major cities in swing ostensibly to counter and the accuracy of electronic voting machines. But a number of polling and election law experts cast doubts on the methodology and suggested the process could be a smokescreen for voter intimidation. For Trump has warned supporters of a and encouraged them to monitor polling areas in cities such as St and The filed by state Democratic parties in and would cover many of the cities Stone said he intended to filings argue that such along with could violate both the Voting Rights Act of which outlawed discriminatory voting practices in the and the Act of which outlawed intimidation against voters. Election law experts said it was unclear whether courts would issue a broad as requested in the to simply prevent voter but they could look in more detail at the temporary restraining order requested against exit polling. could be useful in getting the word out about these and secondly getting the parties and campaign on record saying they will not engage in these said Rick an election law expert at the University of whose Election Law first reported the lawsuits on The Republican National Committee has been under a consent decree since the 1981 gubernatorial election in New when the group sent armed law enforcement officers to patrol polls in minority neighborhoods. These volunteers wore armbands that identified them as an unofficial Security Task and erected posters warning against voter fraud. The last week said claims it was now in violation of the consent set to expire at the start of were exit had originally planned to use similar identification until these were removed from the website late last week. The is still encouraging its volunteers to video from polling stations. In an emailed Stone dismissed the lawsuits as and argued the lawyers who filed them face The former adviser said the polling was not being coordinated with the Trump campaign or the seek only to determine if the election is honestly and fairly conducted and to provide an basis for a challenge to the election if not the Stone said. assume the purpose of this bogus lawsuit is to distract from the voter fraud the Democrats have traditionally engaged Guardian contacted the Trump campaign and the general legal counsel for a response to the recent lawsuits and is awaiting a elections 
Liberal senator has called for the government to halve the migration intake and reconsider the refugee intake or face the further rise of parties including One from New where he is on secondment to the United reiterated his support for Republican presidential candidate praising his populist told Sky News he had warned of the rise of parties for years and said it was reflected in by the rise of One Nation before the Palmer United could double annual migration by 2054 and boost economy report Read is speaking directly to many Coalition voters and drawing them away because tackling the issues that many would suggest the Coalition should be dealing predicted the sentiment would grow if the major parties not reflect the concerns individuals citing all the palaver been told that a big migration program is good for our economic the when you look at them on a per capita do not support he we should be doing is halving our migration making sure it is acting in interests in the long report by the Committee for the Economic Development of released on found that doubling the migration intake would have significant economic benefits for average has acknowledged concerns about but warned against cutting migration describing population growth as a of economic said the Productivity Commission has projected will be higher by 2060 than it would with only natural increases in about the proposed lifetime ban on refugees and asylum seekers in offshore detention ever to said he the decision and encouraged his party to aspects of our humanitarian refugee the Coalition and Labor moved a parliamentary motion denouncing intolerance in any and reaffirming commitment to a immigration policy. and Shorten denounce intolerance in any in immigration policy Read followed declaration in her first speech to the Senate in that was in danger of being swamped by Twitter danger of being swamped by predicted that Trump would win the popular but said it to be if he will win the electoral college vote. Economic difficulties around the globe rise to strong leaders that promise to change the he opposition Bill told Radio on he thought would win but he was not sure now polls had tightened. He suggested the release of an email revealing it had found further emails relating to private server was not said the election was referendum on and that whatever flaws and failings Trump voters were of the status every flaw that I think you can magnify for by said Trump was the only candidate discussing nominating tax term limits for politicians and as his claimed he was a cheerleader for and noted he had backed to be the Republican nominee because he was a constitutional when you compare the two I think Trump has more opportunity and a better chance to fix wrong with and the political system than said he believed other than would clean up in this If Sanders were the Democratic candidate he won because he promised change and a mix that appealed to many senators and pledge support for Trump Read Labor leader in the Penny noting he was for Trump on a and suggesting the prime was weak to control his hard Penny using post to back too weak to control his hard right to the shadow finance said he had a career dividing people in not surprised to see enjoying the circus going on in that presidential said would work with whoever wins but Labor was concerned about views on women and the markets are reacting to is the incoherence of his policies on place in the world and his economic he immigration and 
I want to alert you to a procedure that John Lewis employs when an order includes items from two separate suppliers. It is company policy to or reserve in the bank account the money needed to cover any order. This is to ensure the money is available to debit when the goods are dispatched. if the order involves items from more than one supplier the full amount of an order is reserved twice. My daughter placed an order for a clothing and some The total bill was But this was twice meaning that the entire balance of her bank account was frozen for five days. What would have happened if any direct debits had failed during this period and penalty charges When your daughter complained to John customer services blithely explained that the code that allows the money to be debited when the goods are shipped can only be used so when one part of the order is dispatched another code has to be generated to cover the means a second was frozen to cover the of glassware and clothing. The she was should be available to her again within five policy is not mentioned in John terms and conditions. says a is because is a side effect that a very small number of customers eureka moment coincides with intervention as it declares from now it is introducing a new system. will remove this issue for the vast majority of as well as manual checking as an additional safety says the daughter has been offered an apology and a gesture of goodwill by the press office. But given that some customers are still going to be caught out by the system it might be wise to take out a large loan before placing your you need help email at or write to Your The Kings 90 Include an address and phone problems with 
For Democrats over the age of a heartbreaking loss in a presidential election is an uncomfortably familiar feeling. Twice in the past two Democrats have won the popular vote but lost the presidential loss brings three intertwined questions. What the best way to deal with the new And the path back to power in the next midterm and presidential cabinet several key posts decided as it happened Read result is so different that each of those questions is perplexing. The underlying cause of the defeat might be that Democrats lost their connection to white particularly in the upper Or that some time in early lost her longstanding base of popularity and trust and equipped to get it back. There are a dozen or more demographic categories in which in in addition to white people without college suggesting that broad unpopularity was an inescapable to a volatile base of cultural disconnect and raw dishonesty about what a president could achieve for Trump and his sometimes unwitting allies added relentless but baseless director letter 10 days before the election announcing that he was reopening the investigation into email practices. came of These staggering interventions went well beyond the mild constitutional crisis that led to W yet won the popular vote and not by a little but by about more than the proportions enjoyed by several recent presidents. The Trump coalition is smaller than former Republican presidential nominee Mitt from 2012 and a minority of voters supported Republican House and Senate overall. These facts change any but they have to be acknowledged in any no easy guidance for Democrats. And so we should not be surprised that they have started out on an uncertain footing on the second of how to relate to the administration. The norms that have been violated are so many and so and the risks so that the only moral reaction is to refuse to the most overused word in the abrupt arrival of with a in the democracy that anchors the world order. And however correct that it is largely meaningless in action. Twitter in last she won the popular vote by about other Democrats that Trump has no fixed ideology or purpose other than bluffing his way through his biggest and most daring fraud ever. He did say he did say he would fix where get shot walking to the he and his daughter mentioned paid family leave. Perhaps these are opportunities. Maybe as easily nudged in the direction of such progressive policy goals as he is towards the conservatism and racism reflected in his first three those first moves on part send two important messages to which will also affect mainstream Republicans and conservatives. he intend to or know how to expand the coalition that supports him. Trump is aware only of his hardcore the people who came to his rallies and chanted her when he mentioned his unlikely to be a popular president in his first months in which is unprecedented. On election rating was comparable to in May 1974. resigned in August 1974. Will 2017 public support move up from It with the aura of the or it might in the absence of the distrusted as a foil. Democrats have to be prepared for it to move in either but down is a safer of subtle power is that he fit into most of our mental templates for how human much less public should behave. He seems to have neither a forward or backward attention except for grudges. He now holds the ultimate public job and yet does not seem to have given thought to anything other than personal gain and attention in his entire Sessions as attorney a terrifying prospect for black Sellers Read course of the presidency of a man like with so little public is not to be predicted by comparison with a governor of the largest in the or W Bush two decades later. Trump is a though one who often seems like a embarking on one of the most arduous jobs in the world and one that has nothing to do with anything ever done before. He will have to listen far more than which seems may seem a but Democrats will have to look at the weeks and years ahead as a period of total uncertainty. most trusted aides and nominees today might be exiled along with by New Day. Republicans might ram through all his nominees or the process might be bogged down for months. vague combined with House speaker might form legislation passed in the first with a massive tax cut for the very rich at the forefront. more that agenda might get mired in the simple complexity of legislative negotiation even within one is but two facts the US is the same country it was on 6 when it was moving roughly towards racial reconciliation and out of the long shadow of the Great Recession. And it is the same country the next supported by a wide margin. Those facts are cold comfort but should be only in the months elections 
Stokes shows other side to his talents with century of graft and craft Martin Read more report from Stokes and score tons as England pile on the runs against Read more the day is and though England would have dearly loved to make a late breakthrough they will nevertheless be extremely satisfied by their work. They may not have taken any but they have been sufficiently encouraged to feel that they will soon enough. By tea tomorrow we should have a good idea of where this Test is heading. For adieu. gives a quick interview on his way off the It was encouraging for tomorrow. I think the slower ball spun a bit more than the rest of them. got to try to be patient as well. I slept well last so I too fussed being on 99 Before I went into bat I feel that I was a bit lethargic and I had to get myself going. I just batted to the occasion and the singles were there to take. There were times when I wanted to have a hack but got to rein it in sometimes. his Maybe I got a bit defensive but I found him quite tough to face to be honest with you. 23rd 63-0 bowls and one lovely delivery in the which spot and zips just past the edge of his bat. Very nice bowling. And stumps. 22nd 60-0 Another another and England have only six deliveries left if to stop ending what has been for them a largely disappointing day feeling really quite positive all things considered. 21st 59-0 does his first and his second ball is hit by to the long off evading not one but two diving fielders on its way for added dramatic effect. 20th 54-0 and gets a single from the penultimate ball. In a pleasingly symmetrical both batsmen have faced precisely 60 deliveries. 19th 53-0 Four overs to go and how England would like something to celebrate before stumps. just seen this tweet from late last night. Who calls their eatery Brilliant good to aim I Restaurant to serve you thanks for visiting 2016 18th 51-0 first over yields a single off the though was looking pretty angry with himself when he failed to or indeed an eminently hittable wide one that maybe stayed a bit low. 17th 50-0 Decent bowling from setting up with a couple that carried straight on well wide of off and then making the third angle though the wicket seriously threatened. the runs have stopped only one has been scored in the last three overs. 16th 50-0 looking most though there been much competition and reach a largely 50. Cook at silly point gets hit on the calf and decides pads might be in causing a short delay 15th 49-0 A bit of movement here for with the ball biting a chunk out of the pitch on its way through. Maiden. 14th 49-0 gets good spin and no reward for it. But is totally the ball finds a gap between bat and and it passes perhaps two inches wide of off and then rolls away for four byes. On says it turned which goes to show the effect Trump is already having on our culture. are going to win bigly. Believe video 13th 44-0 first ball is a wide full toss that diverts to backward point for four. of runs so far have come from as this wicket continues to bleed runs. 12th 40-0 Hello little to encourage England so far but for one delivery that climbed and went for four which as encouragement goes is very much at the discouraging end of the spectrum. no such drama from his fourth over of the featuring as it does a couple of singles and a leg all pretty 11th 37-0 Broad on. be tempted to get into the game especially given the time of day and consequent dilemma. gets some discernible presumably an excellent sign for particularly when Stokes is able to bowl. A decent over from two from and drinks. will be with you until the close. 10th 35-0 is showing plenty of apart from that one lunge in the previous over. Six defensive strokes mean six dot balls mean a maiden. big on final months on writes Offers. 9th 33-0 Stokes is limping off the field. It looks like cramp. reaches outside off stump to elegantly wave a poor delivery from Broad through the covers for four. Then he times four more back past an even better and edges a third boundary low to third man. Anyone out England bowler reacts as and take a run. 8th 21-0 This is good from whose line and length to have been excellent. After five dot throws everything at a full delivery that beats him and spits past for four byes. 7th 17-0 Broad is into his work now and produces a sharp delivery that onto the thigh. There is also a hint of reverse though been a long day so my eyes may be telling lies. An excellent over from his best yet. 6th 17-0 replaces who bowled a couple of innocuous overs. He had by far the best series of his Test career with the ball against in when he took 19 wickets at 23. negligible turn in his first over with defending solidly. A maiden. plays a shot. 5th 17-0 Cook has put a man on the drive for the first twang of funk in the field. There should be plenty more as England try to prise out 20 wickets. You always wickets on the Broad goes around the wicket to the angle from which he has so much success in the last 18 months. works a single behind square on the leg side to get off strike. 4th 15-0 reaches to time a wide delivery from behind backward point for four. England have been unusually inaccurate so far. is that wanted highlights but the set the price too says blank screens Surely be putting something on even if only repeat of She 3rd 10-0 drives Broad pleasantly through extra cover for a couple. a bit of bounce to encourage England but no real movement. They will want to get it reversing as soon as assume this match is all over but do you know if any channels are giving the rest of us the chance to watch highlights at says see anything on Channel 5 or I think so. 2nd 8-0 injury has meant an unlikely return for 35. He gets off the mark by pinging a poor delivery from through square leg for four. Not a great start by England. Send them 501 is surely a says Drew. had a previous England opener made it would have been a hundred. Sorry for the 1st 4-0 If England get two wickets tonight they will sleep beautifully. in his 100th opens to with three a gully and short leg. His line is too straight to start and works the second ball fine for four. falling away again and it shows. He improves as the over progresses and almost sneaks a wide yorker under bat. The last ball ends up in the hands of at short a couple of the slips appeal but Broad and the umpire says John that we have three centurions in the but this is where large scores are not unknown. There were no daddy hundreds stepfather maybe. A score of ought to be a What do you call a 501 The end of the innings means time for the tea break. England have had a good with and Stokes making hundreds and and contributing as well. There are only 21 overs remaining in the so can really charge in after tea. tries to sweep and and gives him out primarily because he was the last but replays showed it straightened and would have hit leg stump. players celebrates the wicket of batsman 159th England 537-9 Broad Broad turns just short of leg slip as this session continues to potter along. has figures of two for 167. 158th England 534-9 Broad Broad is dropped by a diving chance at leg slip at and then survives a referral after dropping his says reporting on the cricket and tell us whether you think Trump will inspire May like did you only on terms with the 157th England 529-9 Broad a cheap wicket with which to massage his figures. Instead swaggers down the track and lifts a classy boundary over This has been an excellent innings from one of the better in cricket history. 156th England 522-9 Broad Broad had his face redefined by a bouncer in so not surprised attacks him with a couple of bouncers. Broad ignores and a maiden. 155th England 522-9 Broad pulls through midwicket for a shot that verges on disdainful. beats him for his but only outside off it should be tea but because England are nine the session will be extended for half an hour or until Broad misses a straight one. 154th England 518-9 Broad bowls the penultimate over of a somnolent afternoon with pulling a single off the last ball. La la la. 153rd England 517-9 Broad The is the centurion Broad. innings ends when he is caught down the leg side. He pushed wearily at an errant delivery from and got a thin edge that was well taken by the keeper 152nd England 517-8 Stokes defends a few deliveries from and then winces a sharp single to at He is showing almost heroic given the match situation and his own with the says Griffin. you stop publishing facetious nonsense emailed in by and stick to the these emails is ever 151st England 516-8 Stokes is struggling presumably with cramp. If I was a take no risks until tea is 15 then mainline during the interval and swing like a beauty in the evening session. I suspect he might give it away before tea though. Either he should be beyond criticism as he has been quite everyone who follows cricket have a whirring set of possible amazing scenarios going in their head that are ultimately so outlandish and unlikely they even air them to their nearest and says Salmon. the moment thinking Stokes top score 258 more from top first class score 116 and Broad top score 169. another 405 meaning the 1000 is Do you think this will In say a near certainty. 150th England 513-8 Stokes is shattered now and has a hack at dragging it through square leg for a single. England have plodded along in this session but I think okay. What they want was to be bowled out for 480 and for to end the day on 150 for says have to learn to with banal before gradually moving into speculative ideas if going pretentious while distinguishing the whole with an original spin which is brief or quickly cut and Did I say like to paste something. 149th England 510-8 famously broke his bat during a hundred in 2003. Now Stokes has broken the ball. He cracked it so hard back to that it made a big and a delay while the umpires choose a replacement. The first delivery with the new ball hits Stokes amidships and plops just in front of his stumps. Stokes staggers backwards and a weary attempted kick at the ball. That was funnier than I made it sound. new at this so bear with the 144th over was all about my email and not about the cricket I feel both glad that was provided and yet sad that coverage was impacted upon by said says hope we can find a way We Dexter has commissioned a report into the impact of attempted on cricket 148th England 509-8 comes into the attack. His first a reverse is edged just short of gully by The extent to which England make the ball reverse might decide this game. Maybe this will be Jubilee albeit without the brandy the White shock and awe in as England have gone from a thrashing in to 500 says Guy feel rather foolish having questioned whether Stokes was a bit of a bully when he failed in last time but been outstanding this winter. I keep forgetting only 25. a real potential core of this team for the next 5 or 6 when England never seemed that good at succession. I may have to replace my with some What a is an astonishingly brilliant creation. going to leave no spine in the next six or seven years. 147th England 509-8 Stokes winces a little after playing a forward defensive off be bowling in a couple of hours. continues to bowl very wide of off hoping Stokes will go fishing. He 146th England 509-8 Stokes really gone for apart from that one six down the and there are just a couple of singles from that over. England are going fairly slowly but I think a they are using up some of the good overs before this pitch hopefully I appreciate the anecdotes and says 144th over has NO information about the cricket. preceding commentary was the flip side good information. Shape up try bud. new to this so bear with me. 145th England 507-8 who has had four catches dropped in this returns in place of the subdued Stokes ignores some wider deliveries and Trump is the balance out the giggling sirens at front door he needs to call up his friends Perspective and England Cricketing History of the says Lee Smith. should dampen his 144th England 506-8 am not watching any live coverage of Stokes alas as I have a new computer and all my I mean cricket links are says a bit like missing out on watching Joy Division on Reports because you insisted that Tony was too much of a prick to be worth your 143rd England 504-8 Stokes works for a single to bring up the 500. England have gone from 5-0 to 500 in sessions. the 10th time they have reached 500 in Their highest score was the 652-7 in in the match of Foxy Foxy Foster and Foxy then gets his first boundary with a nice flick through midwicket off 142nd England 495-8 A maiden from to You predicted all this. 141st England 495-8 an odd thing to say about an innings of 8 not out from 31 but has played perfectly so with no risk whatsoever in his playing for Stokes.
Any of any city on any or night has the same vibe. as if there has been a fire at the prick factory and everyone has escaped. I always try to stay away. If I have a gig in central I leave immediately after the show and get back to my safe bed as soon as I possibly can. Alcohol brings out the worst in some people and no one has ever drunkenly told me something I really needed to happened on a recent I had rushed out of a gig and got the tube to south where I was waiting for my bus. forgotten my headphones so I was of all the drunk people walking the getting on the going into the city to seek shelter in nightclubs where the is so loud that no one can hear them which means they never have to develop personalities. I cannot say it clearly this happens on a daily basis to hundreds of thousands of fat people saw four young men approach. I was not surprised when they spoke I expected it. you fat one of them said. said another. The rest is a blur because I focused on whatever was on my phone. It of course. As it would have hurt having any idea what to I put it on sharing it with my friends and followers. I just needed to do with that experience what I usually do when I do take ownership of it and express myself. It felt a bit woke up the next day to see my post had been shared thousands of times. It was even in newspapers and on Comedian Hagen They Shouted Abuse At and Shout At Danish Comedian What Happens Next Will Shock and other such headlines. People had posted such comments am really sorry that happened to and guys were massive stopped hurting. The hurt immediately disappeared. And all I was left with was anger. Twitter 4 Minute Comedy Hagen on Radio is not a thing. This happens on a daily basis to hundreds of thousands of fat people everywhere. This is happening perhaps at this very to a girl who has yet to that her worth is not dependent on what the media tells her it is. It is happening to children. It will happen again. Maybe tonight when I am walking home from a will happen some people will even be inclined to write it in response to this very article. People will tell me to stop promoting obesity and to just lose weight. People will tweet at me without having read the article and pretend that they are worried about my health. Some will even tell me I am making it up. Some fat people will say they have never experienced anything like will happen on in movies and on the radio. As I am writing my fat friend told me that last week she was hit on the head with a kebab and that is a really funny sentence I am but and is a funny word and that is a funny image. It Danish comics would you need me to have sex with Read has always happened and it will continue to happen. But now different. I no longer feel good when people pity or comfort me afterwards. I do not need kind words. I need their fury. I need them to be angry with me. I need them to need everyone to the repercussions of making mean unattractive and unhealthy. Fat is not necessarily and skinny is not necessarily healthy. I need people to stop saying are not you are as though they are mutually exclusive. I need people to feel angry not at these four idiots at station but at the society that created need people to demand change. Tweet companies who use to promote their email shows portraying fat women as evil or motherly and goofy. Call out your family and you then But keep your pity to yourself. I am a active and creative fat woman. doing what I love for a living. I have friends and family who love me. I am good. I am no longer sad. I am just and I wish you were moment that changed 
J. with his campaign sees an that has for years been taken for granted by weaker nations and is too quick to intervene in intractable conflicts far away. But in his final news conference on his last foreign trip as President argued on for a foreign policy in which continues to take on the biggest global problems of the lead where others stand on the sidelines and help the least fortunate. pointed out that before the order imposed in large measure by the United States after World War war and famine ravaged the globe. He said that while the United States could not maintain global order on its it was the linchpin in ensuring that it continued. China is an important he told reporters in the final stop on his but the did not organize the climate help write the agreement to reduce global warming or undertake the negotiations ensuring that all parties agreed to it. is a very significant military but not worrying right now about how to rebuild after a hurricane in We his voice rising. said a burden that we should carry final overseas trip while in office was supposed to be a valedictory but it has instead been one long exercise in crisis as he seeks to reassure foreign leaders and audiences that Trump will not upend alliances and trade relationships that presidents from both major parties have spent decades carefully constructing. His toughest task was at a summit meeting of the Economic Cooperation which helped bring forth the a trade accord that Trump has vowed to kill. like the rest of has also been made uneasy by the prospect of a sudden shift in United States immigration policy under Trump. The atmosphere during this trip has been noticeably different from that of previous ones. schedule has had surprising when he seemed to have little to and staff members out of their jobs in two months have been unusually somber. Some of the leaders has met with have grown wistful. Chancellor of not known for emotional seemed genuinely moved when she said that leave from my partner and it is And on President Xi of China commended for his intensive focus on their noting that the two had met nine including three times in 2016. But President V. of betrayed no obvious regret when he met with for a few minutes on the sidelines of the summit meeting here. has blamed for deepening the humanitarian crisis in and accused it of meddling in the United States election by hacking into the emails of the Democratic National Committee. has praised and has openly called for improving ties. Both and looked grim in their brief which said was and He said he had asked if they could end the slaughter in or complete an agreement in before left office. At its before a brief and probably final handshake. ranked the problems resulting from alleged hacking far below those generated by fake news being circulated on social media. concern I had has less to do with any particular misinformation or propaganda put out by any particular but a greater concern about the general misinformation from all kinds of on social that make it very difficult for voters to figure out true and said. If elections are of fake news and false information and then the issue is not going to be happening on the he added. issue is going to be what are we going to be doing to ourselves from the The remarks followed similar comments at a news conference in on in which was sharply critical of the role and other social media companies play in spreading false news a remarkable change in tone for a man who has spent so much of his presidency praising the transformational and beneficial effects of social media. Mark chief published a detailed post early describing ways the company was considering dealing with the problem of fake news. In his news conference on for the first that he would continue to be active politically when his presidency ends. He said that at he would some spend time with my and do some do some But he added that he reserved the right to speak out. there are issues that have less to do with the specifics of some legislation issue but go to core questions about our values and our and if I think necessary or helpful for me to defend those then examine it when it he said. Then he to what I do know is that I have to take on
A wonderful and discussion of an immensely complex and issue. Some final forcing the hand of policy makers and developing responses to poverty are vital to elephant conflict cannot be but we can try to control how humans network of parks and wild lands is needed to allow elephants to roam out demand and the legal market in China is going to be but the government appears to be for the future is not but it is probably limited to small pockets of land An entirely I will but my This excellent panel give us measured hope for the future. 22 2016 many countries afraid it will not possible. We often forget Central and West where elephants are in many areas doomed. If we cannot stop the current elephant poaching your grandchildren will probably be able to see wild elephants only in a handful of in the Eastern and Southern tiny islands of elephants surrounded by oceans of people. 22 2016 but unless we all redouble our efforts to combat build community support for reduce reduce trafficking through market and dramatically reduce demand for the number of places with significant numbers of wild functioning as they will be very much smaller than now. But there is real 22 2016 think so because high value tourism areas will be maintained. They might be like and in in getting to them you and your kids will drive through or fly over farms and livestock grazing lands because people have eradicated the know what the word in is for pest animals with no value vermin. Current policy is in effect making wildlife vermin from the perspective of rural communities. 22 2016 I think that with increasing momentum to listen to the elephant specialists talking about the just local abundant populations in one or two we can get ivory under control and poaching significantly lessened. And I strongly believe that if we don't want simply islands of elephants but migrating we have to plan this now and in the next 5-10 years while we have something to work with. This applies in where the elephant specialist group just met last week. For all of those people who have or are going to have grandchildren the question is back to you are you with We need you to make your desire known to politicians and help us fund the work until the governments and corporations step up their funding and stewardship for elephants and their habitat. elephants are whose Elephant Family focuses on elephants paints a frightening picture of the future. 22 2016 the past 100 years of elephant populations have been wiped out. Without this iconic animal could be facing extinction within 3 which is why this species is listed as Endangered. They now number as few as 40,000 across 13 countries in with probably occurring in Habitat loss of and fragmentation of populations are causing and then the results of that such as train strikes are killing as well as hunting for ivory though not all elephants have tusks and females don't have retaliatory killing for such as by electrocution traps hooked up to the mains or setting out poison bait such as poisoned pineapples are killing what these superb wild giants have been reduced to crop especially in places where people have settled and have no history of living or knowing how to live with Stiles also thinks things are looking bleak. 22 2016 destruction and fragmentation is the obvious answer. It's remarkable how well they've done in and when you think of the population pressures. it looks like poaching for ivory is on the increase in and carvers are still churning out the and read how various states are planning what can be done. Says 22 2016 we have hope by protecting and keeping habitat areas connected and working with both rural communities and experts alike to understand more where elephants need to move and what they need to eat. We can lessen the interaction between people and elephants and help people safely. We can work with governments and companies to rationally plan where land change will occur but we need to resource that research and those experts so they are ready with the So there IS but we need to act now. as we attempt to get control globally on the battle against ivory and illegal poaching in we are learning tremendous lessons to be applied in to protect space and empower people to allow our largest land mammal still have room to roam. Our biggest project at the moment with other is our Corridors Campaign. On asks why we use funds from tourism to support local communities so they turn to just not enough to go says 22 2016 there are working examples of involving local communities in the way you it's simply a drop in the ocean. There are million and millions of poor people and just a fraction of them is actually with tourism. And you need just a few poachers and a couple of traffickers or brokers to create havoc. a huge Human Toll behind the ivory trade and poor exploited people are a big part of it. 22 2016 the same situation in Even with the number of poor people who actually benefit from it whose lives are uplifted by its effects is a very small number. Whatever the solution it has to be more though out and must benefit the poor community in money also fails to reach the communities says Hedges. 22 2016 the reason is that entrenched big businesses that are not set up to provide significant benefits to the local people in and around the areas. Corruption is sometimes a problem too. Governments need to do more to and otherwise help local initiatives and to require more equitable benefit sharing by the big operations. You are correct to say that in can generate see the paper I referenced Weaver G. C. Complementary benefits of tourism and hunting to communal conservancies in says there is an important role for development aid to play to fill these gaps. 22 2016 think community needs are greater than the support they are especially in many but the rural poor in all countries where elephants range are too often left on their own. In the places where wildlife still exists are in places where the most people live. They may not even know when there is a government compensation scheme that can help them. So I don't think elephant populations always need to for through trophy hunting or tourism income. But I think that better access to development or government aid or even an farming and access to markets can boost the morale and empowerment of communities. Those communities also do not want to be a target for criminal gangs preying on the unemployed to poach. Strong communities are a very important part of this and support so they can use techniques or understand elephant routes help prevent interaction. Stiles says this is already underway in 22 2016 is a critical question and in right now there is a group doing exactly planning protected corridors to be left open to connect protected areas and private conservancies. All range states should conduct such including corridors And Hedges agrees. 22 2016 Elephants do need large areas of habitat and even in we are now seeing habitat fragmentation and loss become a significant problem for elephant conservation. In of habitat loss has long been one of the biggest threats to which are now largely confined to protected many of which are too small for long term viability and have huge problems on their borders. Maintaining connectivity or restoring it if already lost is essential. as notes there are some encouraging examples from countries such as and but much more needs to be done in many more places. For those feeling far away and here are some concrete actions you can take today. 22 2016 agree with lobbying governments. These should be considered World Heritage Animals and as global citizens we can help strengthen that argument and get more resources put towards Forest and Wildlife Departments. Stronger departments aid better resource and not only help provide stability but can stand up for protection of habitat for the good of communities and wildlife. Preventing environmental damage of silting of polluted water which communities later. I also endorse that people worldwide support the conservation that can help direct research and aid to experts and communities for bringing about local solutions. say most panelists. Although there are some caveats. 22 2016 think the quote is the Mother of applies here. Some of the most innovative community schemes have come about when trophy hunting was not an and then other aid schemes and other government departments participated in community not just wildlife Stiles says it could work for some species. But not elephants. 22 2016 not convinced that trophy hunting is essential to conserving at least elephant maybe other species. It's a complicated from Elephant Action League 22 2016 hunting is often the of government that do not want to protect wildlife and provide local communities with real economic Hedges agrees complicated. But also perhaps an issue by both advocates and relative to its potential impact. 22 2016 I would personally never shoot an animal for its trophy there have been some successful examples of trophy hunting for some species generating revenues for and encouraging attitudes among local people. Trophy hunting has the potential to provide those benefits in difficult places where there are few other options for Trophy hunting can therefore help keep significant areas of land under wildlife land that might otherwise not be so used. But in some places trophy hunting operations have predator introduced or bred trophies all of which are bad for biodiversity conservation. it's complicated. It is also hard to see that trophy hunting is likely to ever play a significant role in elephant conservation. The amount of money generated by trophy hunting is also small relative to the funding needs for conservation in and so in some ways the heated debates are a distraction from the bigger issues. Hunter Life after global outrage into funding for conservation in Conservation Letters 296-301. has asked via email how we go about fighting the illegal trade when it is so Stiles 22 2016 the demand where consumers law enforcement in pretty much every country has proven ineffective if high demand prevails. If shops are closed traders and consumers move to websites and members only social media. Demand must be but this is a long of Elephant Family points 22 2016 the words of a wildlife enforcement illegal investigation and enforcement is still woefully inadequate in the countries that matter states and There's a need to this is a crime problem and the response needs to be police led. Customs have demonstrated they have mandate and therefore little will to investigate the hundreds of ivory seizures made to date. Many techniques still aren't being such as controlled forensic analysis of crime scenes for links to and lack of proactive responses. Sources within the trade have indicated that serious offenders are only afraid of imprisonment if actually yet such a deterrent barely Hedges of 22 2016 is correct to stress the challenges inherent in demand reduction and there needs to be a much greater focus on effecting change not just raising we have seen to little of the former in demand reduction campaigns to date. But demand for wildlife products including ivory and rhino horn has been reduced in the past in a number of so we know it can be done. Elephants are wild animals and so conflict is hard to according to the panel. Consultant Stiles says we can only control how humans respond. 22 2016 those who suffer the depredations of the only thing that has been demonstrated to prevent retaliation is if the people gain tangible benefits. Very few places have mechanisms in place for that have to involve says Wildlife 22 2016 between humans and wildlife cannot be avoided. However solutions have to come from the people living with wildlife. Innovative ideas of how to live harmoniously can't take a top down they have to build economic says Hedges in a comment too long to post so link to it here. He also suggests further investigating insurance and other ways to manage or understand the impact on humans. 22 2016 addition to trying to ensure local people derive direct financial benefits from the presence of wildlife such as elephants whenever a key part of mitigating conflict or conflict more generally is to adopt a sound approach to testing and promoting effective reduction methods. There are methods that can help reduce some circumstances at out there but they need to be deployed more effectively. Approaches such as insurance need to be further tested and developed too. Most including Hedges from agree that the mean it when they say they will phase out their legal ivory 22 2016 I think the Government is serious about shutting down the domestic market in ivory in China. That commitment was announced at the highest level in a joint communique from President Xi and President in 2015. Earlier this year the authorities said publicly that they would announce the timetable for implementing the so we can expect to see that announcement points out that there has been little movement since they made their announcement a year ago. 22 2016 this is Govt hasn't announced a even though Hong which is 2020. Can we be sure that China is serious about even after we now that officials from high office are involved in the of points out the difficulty in enforcing laws in a country as vast as China. 22 2016 the ending of the domestic legal trade in whiles it will undoubtedly help we should also be aware that it is a recurring pattern in China that good laws can be passed but that enforcement failure can lead to unexpected results. China often resists legislation for as long as then acts when the diplomatic costs become too high. But that is not the same as effective enforcement. China is a very big reach is less effective than many outsiders and enforcement may not be a priority. If you look at the overall movements in the relatively recent surge in demand from for both ivory and rhino I suspect that the bulk of both are being smuggled into China it's a change of route rather than a drop in who works with the elephant specialist believes some news might be imminent. 22 2016 heard they will announce the plan in It will involve a phased allowing ivory traders and factories to dispose of their as Hong has done Before our panel convenes at here is some reading material that could provoke thoughts and founder of Wild on the drawbacks of exclusive protected zones and outlines a different mode of can save elephants. But can we save wild Read group of experts discuss the pros and cons of the ivory Would a legal ivory trade save elephants or speed up the Read a recent conference moved to shut down domestic ivory panelist Stiles asks whether there is a plan to shut down the illicit there a plan B for The next step in saving them is even harder Read of on the need to engage readers in a respectful the Guardian is publishing its elephant reporting in Read more We know that elephant populations are collapsing at a frightening rate and that the driving forces behind this collapse are a global appetite for ivory just as conflict for space and resources. Earlier this the governments agreed to recommend the closure of domestic ivory markets. This is a serious step towards the eventual complete shutting down of the ivory but now new questions are do governments go about shutting down the legal ivory an illegal ivory market could be even harder. How do we strengthen forces against the black human populations move into elephant conflict is a real and growing problem that may even come to dwarf the ivory trade. Can we avoid these What works in terms of supporting local What works in terms of preserving elephant This is a global but with different challenges for every region. What are the specific challenges for your We have convened a panel of experts to answer these and more. The discussion will take place in the comments and we will post highlights in the live as it proceeds. If you would like to ask a question email or join in the comments thread during the discussion on Our and Joy Wildlife Elephant Action United independent Wildlife Conservation Elephant United China
Performance artist Marina has become an unlikely source of fear for groups after her name was mentioned in the face so much Marina talks enemies and fear Read a leaked email between campaign John and his brother Tony an invitation from is forwarded. It am so looking forward to the Spirit Cooking dinner at my place. Do you think you will be able to let me know if your brother is act of spirit cooking involves using blood as a way of connecting with the spiritual to cook up thoughts rather than food. A video of the practice shows her writing various statements with the such as a sharp knife cut deeply into your middle finger eat the is and for work that focuses on blood and the relationship between the performer and the audience. Her work has won many including the Golden Lion at The email has caused shock within some Republican with news site calling it of the most disturbing revelations to as well as stating that agents see as now make a lot more was the top trend on morning. Republican author Mark Dice am now accepting apologies from everyone who said I was crazy for writing books about how the Establishment are While another shared over 1,000 times compared her to the serial killer spoke about the reaction today to because this is taken completely out of my she said. was just a normal dinner. It was actually just a normal which I call spirit cooking. There was no no anything else. We just call things funny She also claimed that those referring to her body of work as satanic are mistaken. work is really more about spirituality and not anything she said. been doing my work for so and this is a misunderstanding. absolutely outrageous and ridiculous I this world is really turning to hell. I am completely something is taken out of context for the purpose of winning. We are living in such a strange elections 
This week found myself thinking frequently about a a a mother and a politician never Cox was the MP slain on the street in the shadow of the vote in the This her a person obsessed with the and white who had shouted and as he shot her three times and stabbed her 15 was sent to prison for followed this know the fortitude of the Cox family has been something to behold over what must have been terrible husband of was interviewed in by the and was asked by his interviewer about the coarseness and aggression that had surfaced in the national conversation in the in the past couple of Cox obituary Read thought politics had become fixated on the things that divide people rather than the things which brought people the Cox issued a call to arms for people intent on occupying the ground. is something that is stirring that I think the political is too complacent he thought there was a need to articulate a narrative about patriotism. think ceded that narrative to the extreme he said. think we need to regain that narrative and define in an inclusive that brings us rather than blaming the the or the for what is going on in our He said centrists had been far too which was given willingness to on the other had inclusive patriotism in my head as I watched the immigration Peter casually poke a stick in a nest this week putting a question mark over whether should have allowed to come to in the Coxes were also in my head as the expert and now Labor parliamentarian reported death threats to the police. your bags and piss off to where you came from and take all of your terrorist faith with one correspondent emailed to Lest the catalyst for the correspondence be the sender was emphatic. was says Labor has his remarks about Read Coxes hovered as I watched rise in the Senate to point out that words can be borrowed from the Northern politician who once observed of sectarianism that it grow wild as a flower in the it bloomed in window nurtured and handed on through generations. During a contribution in private the man substituted racism for sectarianism. Racism was being tended flower boxes in flats and in charting a slow creep back to that same declared she was sick of being called a racist. lauded the days when the people once termed would just cop a bit of lip from as part of their assimilation ritual rather than the preciousness that persisted declare she was to with I recalled a conversation had in with the race discrimination who said was approaching a tipping point in race relations. The conversation with took place just after used her maiden speech to say was in danger of being swamped by and a poll suggested of the country would be happy to ban it's not about it's in our love of the land Read has been so much written in recent times about the backlash to to trade to markets and combined with freer people movements across has created a kind of mass nostalgia for particularly in nations where politicians done nearly enough to distribute the economic benefits fairly within their ignore these trends. Political tsunamis have happened in the United Kingdom and in the United and smaller waves are lapping the political in managed to have a nascent conversation about inclusive growth. Labor campaigned on that platform during the last federal election and also now uses the prime minister has said several times since he almost lost the election that distributional equity has to be part of the conversation if politicians are to rebuild community confidence in the open have not begun a conversation about inclusive and becoming increasingly obvious that we need and we need one does have a Trump gave the world a case study of a politician prepared to cynically deploy and xenophobia as a response to the backlash. Trump harvested anger and fear and gave it a compelling political language in an fretful about the decline of its and was rewarded with the White all watched the case study of a demagogue. We know what it looks like. We know it will spawn little cynical mini as I said this politicians pretending to be every men and women in order to embark on an unconscionable manipulation of people looking for Cox offers us another and he reminds us that patriotism requires an active than seeing a love of country as a vestige of the a quaint or the slightly embarrassing province of rednecks and the new patriotism is a centrist concept if the is prepared to define it and nurture and make it meaningful in contemporary is possible to be a fully subscribed citizen of the world and to carry the love of country in your is absolutely right. If patriotism is to be in contemporary the opt out of the fight perhaps if we lower our collective sights from the world to the we can again find time to bond with people and with which might just be the beginning of finding a common language for contemporary do politicians will have to wants to be a man of the it is actually a profoundly unconscionable act to play dead when his immigration minister idly pulls a thread of immigration policy just to gratify or hold out One surge in or whatever he thought he was your country do what patriotism means in 2016 Read thinks is the greatest multicultural nation on which is the line he trots out when wanting to sound he needs to walk the and make the case for social inclusion not because politically correct but because of compelling logic. Social inclusion in a diverse population makes more harmonious and more Shorten also needs to have a think about where he wants to line up. Right now having a bob each dabbling with foreign worker bashing and economic nationalism while sounding like a progressive globalist when it comes to tolerance and also need to that not all down to understand the nature of individual we need only carry around Cox in our souls for an hour or two a woman who stood up to serve her country in its parliament and was killed in the street for being a beacon of with that visceral event in our we can think of the qualities that unite countenance ways we can stitch ourselves to to our to our to burst the dreadful bubbles many of us reside in and find a moment to hear the views of people who feel differently to patriotism is a very simple is about it is about the power of the an embrace of difference and the courage to keep reaching out in rather than recoiling in fear and on 
And the day two as South claim upper hand in first Test Read more Rarely in Test long history can a match have changed complexion so dramatically in a single day. batted serenely under blue skies on a flat pitch for the opening hour and looked set to amass a total. Barely a session later they were all out for a lead of just two runs. A further session passed and they were over 100 runs in was a phenomenal achievement from South especially considering their spearhead Dale was ruled out of the series after injuring his troublesome shoulder in the morning session. In his absence and in particular bowled exceptionally. control on debut in unfamiliar conditions against aggressive opponents marks him out as a bowler of great promise. The made a better fist of things with the bat when asked to take guard a second losing Cook and in 40 otherwise untroubled overs before the close. It should be the foundation for an imposing lead with the pitch remaining true and the dangerous looking short of a gallop. With the mercury tipped to read nearly on South could make a serious statement for the for sticking with be back to do it all again tomorrow. toiled on day two of the first Test but he will need to produce something special on day three if are to beat South 40th South 104-2 lead by to bowl the final over of the day to Dean The field comes in. Dot. Dot. Dot. Dot. Dot. Dot. The end of an extraordinary day of Test one that will live long in South memory. Dean and remain undefeated at the end of day two of the first Test in 39th South 104-2 lead by wides is not what Marsh wanted to send down but a late bouncer gained bounce and flew over Peter It sends South lead into three figures. He regains some confidence with the last delivery of his a that seams past outside edge. Breaking Dale has been ruled out of the series after a recurrence of his shoulder injury earlier today. 38th South 98-2 lead by over from as both teams contemplate ice massages and Roar v City. 37th South 97-2 lead by Marsh on for his second spell of the day. He owes the selectors something. Not much happening out there shot pans to the dressing room where is padded up. Slater calls him Is nothing Is there anything shorten Imagine epic Watch speeches in Game of Thrones in and tuned into my frequency. weight calling this partnership pivotal. In it seems to be becoming more and more pivotal. Are there degrees of pivotal I If this seems the partnership on a day that keeps getting 36th South 96-2 lead by overs remaining as is brought back for one final time. Six loopy drifting from around the wicket that and milk a couple of singles from. have changed hit the fielder in close and hit me and said f... off out of there or i will do it 2016 35th South 94-2 lead by playing to the growing shadows now and seeing into the sunset. 34th South 94-2 lead by coming over the wicket hunting for crack like an extra on The Wire. knows I need company as this day draws to a close. after going to bed last night feeling happy and then waking up to spy another collapse my hopes were raised when poor wicket then dashed with the jinx put on by your own good selves having mentioned the words and with one of these I have a nagging feeling like this pair are going to be with us for a good time to After who knows what tomorrow might 33rd South 93-2 lead by continuing to put his shoulder to the wheel but a futility to all the effort at the moment and you wonder if wasting energy better conserved for future battles. A crowd catch at leg slip has the lanky dander up but it bounced well short of Warner. The outcome is takes strike and he whips a pull for four to demonstrate his mastery of the conditions. J just put on the and wasn't sure if I watching or strictly with fake for our readers any I know enjoyed collapse earlier. 32nd South 88-2 lead by survival feels pivotal so close to the end of such a turvy day. not in survival mode there to feast on diminishing clipping him for four to fine leg and three through extra cover. crowd of 13,333 at the on day two for another enthralling day of Test 2016 31st South 80-2 lead by not pulled just swapping ends so he can tear in with the Marsh Stand at his back. The idea is short and nasty from around the wicket to the batsmen. is circumspect but mind having a slapping a mistime pull inches from his grille. The big fast bowler is obviously but giving it for no reward. 30th South 77-2 lead by replays are dwelling on receiving treatment during drinks for a forearm blow he suffered in last over. look too but have a bruise in the morning. As it the wayward is replaced by the who puts six deliveries on the spot which will be recorded with six dots in the 29th South 77-2 lead by the final hour of with a scheduled 12 overs still to be bowled. been an incredulous day of cricket 12 Dale is there another twist still to to continue after the final drinks from around the wicket. looks like shadow unfurling one of those imaginary cover probably mumbling something about to only he connected the middle of his bat with a 140 kph cricket ball in the in the of the Ground. Sumptuous stuff. 28th South 72-2 lead by continues to wrestle with his like the tin woodsman from Oz urging the to take effect. Smith gives him a leg slip to help his radar to the two batsmen but his action quite hit its mark. I understand that some people prefer How can such a thing be asking that in a month that could herald President Trump the preferences of people cannot be trusted. 27th South 69-2 lead by will not like the look of form one bit. creamed another straight drive off for four of the more beautiful runs. He looks composed and unfussy at the unlike almost everyone else who has batted in this Test so far. South batsman plays a defensive shot on day 2 of the first Test match between and South 26th South 65-2 lead by lengthening across the Ground as gets a second chance with the ball. But he look all stiff arms and legs lacking not hitting the crease in his familiar fashion. He escapes with a courtesy of some handy fielding and field placement. 25th South 65-2 lead by and a miss from against draws oohs and from the crowd but the South follows it up with a punishing cover on the to remind everyone of his class. Ferris output of one run is the lowest since 2006 against in 2016 24th South 59-2 lead by of the best from come down the pitch a few times without conviction against but this was sweet and all the way over the with the minimum of fuss. 23rd South 53-2 lead by looks in good nick out moving getting his hands through the ball in seeing it early in Plays out a courtesy of some sharp fielding. 22nd South 53-2 lead by to continue the booster but and are secure. Glorious from on berating South batsmen for not looking to turn three into after 70 overs of cricket in a day of fluctuating fortunes and two quick wickets. 21st South 49-2 lead by nut from but was late onto it and in a poor body shape. The big wicket for and one that swings the game back their way again. 12 dismissals for the and counting. Is this the start of another calamitous the second to chopping on after playing back without conviction. South batsman departs after being dismissed by bowler Josh for 1 run on day 2 of the first Test match between and South 20th South 45-1 lead by to and he nearly does again caught and This one was more of a chance than the the batsman throwing the kitchen sink at a half volley that careers past the left hand in his follow through. A real one in a hundred but sometimes they stick. 2016 19th South 38-1 lead by recalled for his second spell to send down a maiden over the wicket to the for the past 10 overs a shade over one. 18th South 38-1 lead by victory for beating in the flight as he came down the pitch. The resulting lofted drive just cleared came. saw. And they folded What a fantastic fightback from This is what test cricket is all about. 2016 17th South 35-1 wicket puts a different complexion on things. South go from coasting to navigating a tricky hour or so before the close. Bravo Marsh. take a An innocuous over from is illuminated by a blinding catch at short midwicket. Cook rocked back and a long hop but it went to the left of Marsh a few from the and he flew to his left and plucked a Out of are back with the bit between their teeth. bowler Peter reacts after dismissing South batsman Cook for 12 runs on day 2 of the first Test match between and South at the Western Cricket Ground. 16th South 35-0 teases a big shot out of and almost a caught and bowled as the opener belts one at head height just out of reach of the GOAT. 15th South 31-0 releases some of the pressure with a single shortly after the drinks matches by a few balls later as moves round the wicket to the Peter Salmon has joined in via email you can details with a rebuke of the selection of Marsh. this whole Marsh experiment has to Eighteen tests into it and he averages 24 with the the bat for a number and 36 with the ball for a The perfect all rounder would make the team with either a good one with one or the other. But Marsh would make the team on neither. making me miss and that be think find plenty of agreement Peter. Playing Marsh is clearly prodigiously talented and at 25 he has time on his side. alternative are hardly knocking the door down to be selected. In the modern can a four man attack be All that with on form alone he be in the team.
The Democratic senator for has accused Trump of launching an antisemitic advertisement along the lines of the fake Protocols of the Elders of new emails show no criminal wrongdoing Read who is said he immediately was struck by what he called shepherd a dog in a new advert from the Trump launched as the countdown to election film features lurid shots of Wall Street and the Federal Reserve interspersed with images of three prominent who chairs the Federal the progressive financier and the chief establishment has trillions of dollars at stake in this Trump is heard saying in the advert. those who control the levers of power in and for the global special they partner with these people that have your good in Twitter Speaking on State of the told host Tapper the advert was acting as a whistle to a certain group in the United He called the political commercial appeal to some of the worse elements in our society in the closing of the so maybe sensitive to it. But it clearly had an Elders of feel to the international banking crisis Protocols of the Elders of was a fabricated text first published in 1903 that circulated around disseminating a vicious conspiracy about a plot for world domination over the economy and Trump which has links to the extreme conservative has been accused of pandering to antisemitism in the despite the daughter being having converted when she married the investor and New Observer owner advisers to the Republican presidential candidate have been caught out rants. In Trump himself sparked controversy when he criticized his Democratic in a tweet alongside images of money and an image resembling the Star of Trump was slow to disavow support from the former grand wizard and now Senate candidate a statement released on League chief executive intentional or the images and rhetoric in this ad touch on subjects that have used for ages. This needs to chief legal officer of the Trump Organization and of the advisory should focus on real antisemitism and and not try to find any where none message and all of the that I have witnessed over the two decades that I have known him have consistently been and and accusations otherwise are completely director of the Religious Action Center of Reform said also the ad the strongest possible for using and historically Twitter just wanted to show a protester relives Trump attack at a former Night Live writer and raised the controversy over the advert as Trump prepared to campaign on in the US own choice of campaign stop was a surprise given that the state has not voted Republican in a presidential election since the landslide of but it reflected a bullish belief in the Trump camp that traditionally Democratic states are now in director's troubles just beginning after latest twist in email tale Read was speaking before the release on of a letter from director who said no criminal wrongdoing had been found in a new review of emails sent by using a private server while serving as secretary of state. The senator picked up on recent press reports about elements within the engaging in leaks damaging to and went on to denounce what he called the who sits on the Senate judiciary promised to convene hearings in which would be called to answer for these issues. going to have hearings to try and get to the bottom of the rogue element in the which seems to think to go outside the to try and affect the he said. disturbing. If you are director of the you should be able to stop 
by the was the line that was supposed to have ended campaign for presidency. Instead it turned out to be one of the most astonishing and successful strategies for the highest office. In a campaign based on misogyny and Trump proved that boasting about sexually assaulting far from ruining a can boost and white women voted for him in droves. Grab by the indeed. The first black president will now be succeeded by a man endorsed by the according to Trump and his male and is what the dream actually looks lot will be written about how victory represents a backlash of rage from the white working classes. The election of this narrative proves how these people feel ignored by the elite politicians and metropolitan media. We need to hear more from these the argument and how they have suffered because of the demise of the opioid the death of the this not least far from being a of those who earn more than and of white college graduate voters chose Trump. But even leaving that to say that no one took notice of the angry white vote in this US election is awfully reminiscent of politicians saying one talks about when it feels like you know I think we got that base well and truly from ignoring the white working class during this they were written about so extensively by nervously placatory liberal journalists that these articles became a genre unto perfectly by Hart last week help but notice that people in are angry I wanted to hear more but Ed explained that Brooks had scheduled an interview with him to discuss whether he ate dinner with his family every and what it means for an alternative heard enough of white rage now. Oh listen to the grievances of enraged voters. But understanding them is different from indulging and the media and politicians in the US and have for too long conflated the encouraging the white victim narrative and stoking precisely the kind of campaigns that led to and Trump the voter demographics have the linking factor in Trump voters is not class but Trump wins US all on the same says live Read campaigns promised to turn the clock back to a time when white men were in the and both were fronted by privately educated false prophets such as and absurdly privileged buccaneers who style themselves as friends of the working classes while pushing policies that work against them. They have bleached language of boasting that they a negative thing as opposed to someone who has devoted their life to public and they scorn are now apparently the biggest threat to like supporters before will say that these are merely the of the sore losers the the or whatever portmanteau is conceived next. This objection always misses the obvious point that these people mourning for themselves. Whereas those who voted for Trump and did so to turn time back for their personal those who voted for remain or did so because they know time only moves and this benefits society. To try to force it back hurts call out voters for falling for such damagingly racist and sexist messages is viewed by politicians as a and dangerously snobby by the as though people are precious toddlers who must be and possibly be held responsible for any flawed thinking. There is no doubt the white working classes in the west have suffered in recent yet no other demographic that has endured similarly straitened circumstances is indulged in this way. For politicians have the black working classes who suffered far worse structural inequalities and for far longer and Trump continues to do so as only the white working classes are accorded this and insistent media empathy. No one is telling these voters to pull up their boot straps. The Dream is only considered when the white working classes who are suffering. When they are simply lazy and morally flawed. Twitter How the 2016 US election night according to the politicians and journalists who indulge inverted was seen as simply too corrupt and establishment by these voters. election is an unmistakable rejection of a political establishment and an economic system that simply working for most as though the election of a racist property billionaire who inherited his wealth was the class warrior triumph all been waiting for. But if anyone thinks it is because the media promoted false throughout this campaign to a degree never before US has elected its most dangerous leader. We all have plenty to fear Read the Times headlined its editorial about the election as if the decision between a woman who used the wrong email server and a bully in the easiest choice in the world. private email server was covered more ferociously than misogyny. That had talked at was reported as a financial flaw somehow analogous to his of tax. However much people want to blame the their voters or the result of this election is due at least as much to anyone who pushed the narrative that and Trump were equally or even similarly on them. The most qualified candidate in a generation was defeated by the least qualified of all time. That is what misogyny looks like all it will end up dragging us all elections 
thought Harry Winks of Spurs played pretty well in the Cup match at but was saddened that his shirt number sighs Tony any make an interesting present to you The who played with the number 0 on his back in the 2000-01 season for presents memory Zero received special permission from the governing bodies to be numbered as which was then rescinded the following season. Zero died in a car crash a few years later but will be fondly remembered in the of Once a always a footballers have their nationality in their The Knowledge Read was also a moment for Weaver. Watts played for Town during the years 1999 to reports had the playing least when I watched him on my occasional visits from supplemented by his surname. Perfect how we laughed much else to laugh about at the and his playing was about as much of a bright highlight as his relatively low wattage rating might Watts was something of a even spending time playing football in but apart from the there much else to make him stick in the memory. For the his career details are chimed in with 11 at while has was a player in in the called who for some reason was only ever known as literally meaning in was his so assuming it came from that. Carry the clubs I saw him play for and Racing he was given the despite being primarily a He did go to for a season later in his career but never played for the first team. I hope they at least gave him the noticed during last Cup games that the attendance at Road for v was given as notices there ever been a higher attendance where all the digits are the and impressively so. mails in to point out Spurs 3-2 at White Hart Lane on 30 August with an attendance of and then also about the 2003 which also spotted. the tie between and River Plate at the there was a 66,666 official notes Plate won the leg 2-1 and 4-2 good but still not quite the largest beat 3-2 at the do in the 1983 with 111,111 spectators allegedly in writes Sale. fudge the anticipating this trivia question this surely has to be the record. Highlights of the match are City have been sponsored by three different car makers in and points out another club beat them for number of different car can add if expanding to all which is doing when offering have been sponsored by truck manufacturers and in the past. Oddly their far less glamorous 1860 have been sponsored by far more glamorous car in 1991-93 when they were still winning World Rally Martin in 2011-13 and now by Twitter Happier times for at Road in 1998. has two from 1926-27. He picked up the first against while his second was against B seems to have been a full team so caps were What is the highest number of caps a player has picked whereby he has played against the same country every wonders Jerry likely guess would be writes Freeman. to Soccer Association he was part of a tour of in playing for in six matches against the host nation. Six other and Bob and Dick and also played in all six but Ford was the only one not to earn subsequent caps when the tour continued into New This just eclipses who made five appearances for all against England between 1872-78. Tip of the hat to reader was just reading about how striker has got himself in trouble with his current for missing a match to mourn his wrote Bland in 2006. I right in thinking this the first time his relationship with his pets has got him into certainly Animal enthusiast who has publicly campaigned for a ban on dog and cat fur in the was the subject of an attempted News of the World shortly after he arrived in England in 1999. He had been with for a couple of months when the newspaper claimed to have proof that he had smuggled his two pet past customs illegally without having them go through laws are shit laws because they affect health. not a good bellowed at the although he denied the allegations and insisted the dogs he kept in his home belonged to a they also got him into a spot of bother with manager at the just over a year after he had demanded a move to the Premiership. fixed him up with three months on loan at said when I called him in to tell he got a problem. got nobody to look after my dogs if I go I us your house feed the bloody That was the sort of thing I was up you pretty sure Shoot magazine ran a weekly feature in the visiting different league clubs to measure the player with the hardest shot and longest recalls John may have also done the throw as well. I think I vaguely remember winning the longest throw but who were the other joined Rovers on for the second says Knight. like the first he joined from Town so his last four clubs have been Earlier in his he also rejoined and Forest Green after leaving. That makes a total of four clubs to which has gloriously returned. Can any current or past player match were the first football club to have an official The Knowledge Read any football grounds named after people even less recently alive than II stadium 382-336 tweets always enjoyed individual teams having unique chants and emails Mark this noted the prominence of songs that make the tune for many chants. My question which musician or group can claim to have penned the music to the most My bet so far is with The his nine seasons playing for the red half of Peter was never on the losing side in the local begins when he joined the Blues for a he repeated the feat on a smaller scale. In the two derbies with played with the between the we won drew the other. Are there any players out there with or perhaps even better derby was researching the history of the man bun and noticed that first four international goals were scored in four different countries and posits no doubt this run can be emphatically beaten but the your questions and answers to or tweet 
GROUND FOR Fiver left the this morning with a spring in our step. Yup. What a crisp sunny morning it was. A little dusting of frost on the birds busying themselves before winter really bites and a stillness and calm about the world that could only make the flow. be it was never going to last. Within minutes the bubble of optimism was blown to bits and in its place was that familiar curtain of shame. dear strangers were giving us strange looks. Peculiar glances that would morph into howls of derision and before long a crowd of the curious were pointing and laughing as one. only gone and put our on over our trousers again. Hello old Stadium chairman quits amid costs investigation Read be not the first time and it be the last. hopeless at barely able to do the simplest of tasks never mind piece together a humorous email on the world of football. even we know a bit of abject planning when we see it. And our antennae started twitching this week when we heard that Taxpayers was going to cost us we do get paid for even more because some Big Sports Day Legacy clod had redefined as ripping out thousands of putting them in trucks and driving them to a massive storage where each bit of plastic has to be and stored in a precise location before being driven back again and reinstalled as though being built from scratch. And all at a cost of just a year to host an event called Remember Big Sports Day It all There mayor Khan also knows a farce when he sees one. He was a member of parliament for 11 after all. ordered an inquiry into how it is that a Premier League club that currently earns a season from a deal alone can contribute just towards the costs of turning the Stadium into a venue that not even their own fans appear to want to call home. In some are so off with their new stadium recently retracted some seats in a far more efficient manner than that which the faceless operating company expects to next summer. Khan will also want to know how it is that Taxpayers can be asked to pay just a year in rent for their gigantic in a city where crawl space can set you back the best part of your annual salary. And what have Taxpayers got to say about all bog all of course. Because how many of ever fess up when undercharged for a of Just keep on walking. Never look ON BIG from for hot coverage of 1-1 while will be in the house for 2-2 at OF THE difficult for him because he is between and but first you must do what is best for your club. First be train with your club then you are ready for the national team. Not vice wants to snub the Republic after getting knacked on international duty last time around. international break story of multiple disappointments at Fiver is strangely reminiscent of my feelings when reading The Fiver. I also do the same thing over and over again expecting and only experience lines repeated ad that were never actually entertaining in the first 1,056 was bad enough having to endure two letters in two days from Fiver readers boasting about their familial wealth by letting us know they could afford to go on childhood holidays to Then we get some yahoo who thinks going on a holiday to is entirely normal and worth unashamedly sharing with us. The gone. well and truly John there an obvious solution to the poppy fiasco for the It should commission a custom strip with white poppies embroidered into the material of the shirt. If anyone were to notice it against the similar no one could object to a symbol even less than the supposedly divisive red warmongers and despots excepted. But even if did align itself with that the FA could avoid sanction by denying all knowledge and blaming the kit designers. After there is precedent for kit manufacturers taking the blame for embedded controversial a game played without offside resulted in too many long you help but feel this should have been the rule change that the FA put its weight Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is John who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager Towers. not out till 4 so you the lucky got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters AC and co for the latest thrilling of Football Weekly Extra. And Producer tells us there are still some tickets available for the Palladium live show on 15 THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring AND West escaped unharmed after being targeted by armed motorcyclists who attempted to rob him as he drove home from training on was brave because they asked for his watch with a and he put the pedal down and he want to give him the said got chased for 15 or 20 it like 10 so it was probably planned. But not in need divine intervention if to reach the last 16 of Big according to need to be ready for the next two games and try to get the he sighed after the 1-0 shambles against will be fielding for the next month after suffered in the 0-0 Big Cup draw at looks like doing one from which means a takeover is probably imminent. tried my best to take the club to the next level but unfortunately it did not work he hope that after the new takeover things would turn out as the poppy business has reached St manager Tommy Wright. Obviously. think at times should get a reality check in what they he tooted. class a poppy as a political statement when it is remembrance about people who have died and people who have given their lives up for us to have the liberties and freedom we have I think the prime minister probably summed it up as well as what a lot of people are WANT is a gets his thinking Stetson book is out now. Give him your money. an extract. Twitter features a tribute and Crooks getting his nod want more on stadium You should. sense is the first casualty of this tedious poppy writes and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND THIS FROM LAST 
having some friends over on night to stay up and watch the US election. What should the dress code about a A stylish orange number that outlines the figure but also protects you from all the toxic bile that will spew forth whatever Got you an outfit that can do both. At the very I would urge you to opt for fabrics coated in so that the various liquids that you may have on your person over the course of the night tears of your vomit stain. Tomorrow may well be traumatic enough without having to do here we on the eve of watching the US make the difficult choice between a woman who used the wrong email server and a man who has answered the question of what fascism would look like. Tricky fellow Better flip a worry. not going to bang on about who anyone should vote for if anyone out there has still not made up their mind after everything that has happened in the past year and a then I doubt anything you read in a style column will push you over the edge. I if your candidate has 12 women accusing him of sexual assault and he still has your loyalty then guessing my jokes about him resembling an make much difference. Say what you like about Trump supporters but you question their and that focus is on not letting a damn woman become should However she goddamn pleases Read for the undecided I will temporarily hand over the stage to my fellow in the peerless who recently described this demographic as being like passengers on an who are told that the meal options are chicken and platter of shit covered in broken be undecided in this to pause for a moment and then ask how the chicken is before this election passes into the dark night of the there is something else really like to get off my chest. Ready is a certain demographic surprisingly for the past few has been fond of saying things like this to a reasonable liberal person. a good So obviously I hate Trump OBVIOUSLY. But I also hate OBVIOUSLY. as bad as each other. I guess you should vote for have to walk through bleach afterwards. Damn corporate so first of thank you so much for telling me how to vote. How on earth would I have known if it for Trump is is talks to does Thank you so much for the election to I really We have been too busy knocking back Big Gulps of blue soda to read a I get that a lot of people like I think mentioned it once or twice. But can we all please give the goddamn false a Because you know where that gets It gets you into the same camp as only just last was on explaining why Trump and are as bad as each and why voting for the Green party candidate who thinks is as dangerous as the man who claims climate change is a hoax. it sweet how belief that voting for candidates gives her the moral upper hand has in no way been dimmed by her experience of voting for in She vote for explained to because vote with my you know. This is bigger than even for the joke is just too given that we settled the important matter of what to wear tonight in the first like to switch tack and look at a different which is how to deal with any who might be in your life tomorrow. Because they will be in a fragile wilted inside their suits and screaming at the I hear how North Someone give me the final results from North and great to be in we speak the and a huge given for most of our knowledge of foreign languages is limited la you have to endure the occasional humiliation of seeing your nation represented by on Question or on life is sweet. Yet it is hard to be away from home during an important which is why whatever the will need your kindness tomorrow. be exhausted and emotionally spent. They may also need reminders of happier times in their homeland. So furnish them with food they ate as children Kraft Macaroni and Aunt Chocolate Fruit You can probably order them all by drone on Amazon these above hector about the result. Trust they know. just hug. Buckle guys. We got a long night ahead of 
The day started early. Four of us from the bureau were part of a team set to interview J. Trump over lunch at The New Times headquarters in Our first Get to New Our plan was Take 8 the high speed train from to New and walk eight blocks up 8th Avenue to the Times building. The train was scheduled to arrive shortly before 11 well ahead of the 1 start to the luncheon interview. We planned to on the train about potential questions and for and could write on our laptops if other news broke that morning. Then Trump tweeted at A flurry of emails ensued. Is this fake It matters for what outfit I wrote a fellow White House correspondent. least he had the good manners to do it before we got on the wrote Mark another member of our White House team. there was a decision. We would all cancel our train tickets and regroup at the two blocks from the White House. proved to be a fateful says meeting definitely the bureau emailed. and I got to the bureau early and turned our attention to a morning television appearance by one of senior advisers suggesting that the no longer wanted to pursue charges against a change from his heated rhetoric during the campaign. Mark and worked from shifting to what passes for a traditional workday in the period. And at came an email from our executive still The had apparently contacted office and convinced him to reconsider. Trump later tweeted meeting with the is back What followed was a logistical How could we get from to New in time to meet with I logged onto the Airlines website to no the site book a flight with less than an hour before departure. Mark had similar trouble. had better She called our travel service and got a seat on a and was soon in a cab to National Airport. and I jumped into a cab at as the intrepid called the travel service to book us tickets on the 10 which was scheduled to get into New at A cab ride and with minutes to we boarded the train. made her flight thanks to a delay at the airport. who lives further out in got stuck in Our plans for polishing our interview approach fell by the wayside. and I prioritized 10 questions and emailed them to and to our New White House who managed to print them out just before the interview started. The pulled into Station a few minutes arriving at We bounded up the across the plaza to Eighth Avenue and 33rd Street and started jogging. By the time we reached 36th a cab pulled up to let someone off. and I jumped hoping that it might be faster. It At 39th as the interview with Trump we handed over another jumped out and started running again. At the Times the elevators were crowded and slow. After a maddening ride to the 16th floor a quick screening by the Secret and I entered the about eight minutes late. was having her own delays. After landing on time at La she hopped into a bound for the office. That worked until traffic perhaps made even worse than usual because of motorcade ground to a halt at 37th along with cab. She arrived at the interview a few minutes after and but in time to ask Trump about K. the choice for chief White House strategist. apologize for my delayed she told the After the and and I hunkered down in the boardroom to write. the spread of food beef barley salad with dried but it was quickly cleaned up and taken away. Shortly after stories mostly the three of us packed up and headed for the newsroom to check in. Dean the executive had few small most of which were fairly painless. Editors checked quotes in the story against the interview which was finally completed. ran for the 9 train back to where she needed to catch a flight in the morning. and I booked rooms at a nearby hotel and bought tickets on 9 train. Another eventful transition day done.
A key confidante of Trump has provided new details about the of who served as a back channel to give him broad tips in advance about releases of emails to and from key allies of a longtime unofficial adviser to the Republican presidential was briefed in general terms in advance about the sensitive and embarrassing leaked Democratic emails by an libertarian who works in the media on the he told the Guardian in an interview. Stone claims his whom he declined to has met with the in and is a of Stone and The Stone is not tied in any way to the Trump campaign but has served as a back channel for who is an outside adviser to the Republican presidential allowing the adviser to tweet and comment very broadly prior to some key source close to Trump Tower also told the Guardian that Stone once boasted to him of meeting with himself and told the who is active in political that would be down like a ton of on Stone adamantly denied meeting with source is bullshitting he wrote in an or having any direct contact with or anyone with advance tweets and comments about some major disclosures including recent ones in relating to campaign chair John and the Foundation the and onetime dirty tricks operative said the had not contacted him in its investigation into the illegal computer hacking of private Democratic and he was not is nothing to Stone said. The administration has accused of being the source of the tweets and comments about forthcoming releases have put him in the media spotlight and is just one of the controversial ways he has played a role as an outside Trump booster and after a stint last year as a key campaign well before released Stone it will soon time in the Stone it will soon the time in the barrel. thousands of emails were published last told a reasonable conclusion that Stone had advanced warning and the Trump campaign had advanced warning about what was going to response to Stone told the conservative Daily admitted been in communication with through an tell me what going to in Stone told a actually have communicated with I believe the next tranche of his documents pertain to the Foundation but no telling what the surprise may released thousands of internal emails about the including ones alleging a gender pay Stone dismissed suggestions by and some congressional Democrats that he may have played a role in releases or the stressing that he has no financial or client ties to Twitter Roger Stone was in the crowd when Trump introduced Mike Pence as his running mate. who said he talked to Trump about once a week on is a regular on and other conservative talk radio pushing conspiracy theories and espousing the unsubstantiated as Trump that the elections are rigged. entire election has been including the Stone told the that Stone has been leading a controversial exit poll project in nine cities that has been attacked as potential by independent spawned a lawsuit from and prompted one operative who knows Stone to right out of a Roger as an example of voter Roger operates by a different set of and his object is to a former lobbying Stone said he position of waiting until after the election to say whether he will accept the results if he loses. will depend solely on whether the election has been fairly operates by a different set of and his object is to Peter a former lobbying partner and a told the Guardian. traffics in the was a junior figure in dirty tricks operation during the campaign in 1972 aged only he pulled off two political according to the 1973 congressional hearings on hiring a operative to infiltrate the campaign of Democrat and making contributions to Republican in the name of the Young Socialist Alliance. After covert operations were he was sacked from his job on Senator Bob staff. He has a tattoo of face on his unsuccessful attempts were made to contact for comment on any direct or indirect contact with Stone he may have elections 
The 2016 election took place under the of a bubble. Not the mortgage lending bubble that shaped the 2008 but the Tens of millions of voters gets their news on where highly personalized news feeds dish up a steady stream of content that reinforces users are increasingly sheltered from opposing viewpoints and reliable news sources and the viciously polarized state of our national politics appears to be one of the results. Criticism of the filter which gained steam after the surprising has reached a new level of urgency in the wake of upset despite Mark denial it had any influence. did fake news and polarized politics get Trump Read test the effects of political polarization on we asked ten US voters five conservative and five liberal to agree to take a scroll on the other side during the final month of the created two accounts from scratch. our liked a variety of conservative news and from the Wall Street Journal and The Institution to News and Bill our preferred The New Mother Democracy Now and Think Progress. Rusty liked and the liked and Our liberals were given to the conservative and vice and we asked our participants to limit their news consumption as much as possible to the feed for the 48 hours following the third the reopening of the email and the all of our participants made it through to election day. might as well have been a said one of the after his first exposure to the feed. But eight of our made multiple forays into the feed and were interviewed three or four times one even said the experience influenced his final decision. how it impacted them the to St and to most of our participants were aware that they lived in a bubble. people have shared a story with me about the bus dumping human waste into the sewer said a farmer and radio host from central never see positive stuff about I know that Twitter a conservative farmer from central a comedian and writer who describes his political orientation as to the left of describes a similarly sheltered existence. I never see positive stuff about I know that farmer and radio find regular incredibly the native said. know Stein and I know but I know Trump Several participants said that they sought out opposing viewpoints outside of by watching Fox News a or reading High Country News a but most had a generally experience within news feed. I got any Trump supporters on my in the said a retired union organizer and liberal who lives in reading a book by a If there was one thing that our participants agreed it was that the feed other reads is largely wrong. like reading a book by a said Pines. hard to read something you know is a Twitter a conservative project manager in the construction industry. Photo courtesy of from St went a step like being locked into a room full of those suffering from paranoid she said that he found the feed was too and he was frustrated by the liberal attempts to and every negative story about a conservative project manager from New was frustrated by whole big brainwashing push to save the world from the horrible climate Both and Green agreed that a conservative feed in the run up to the election had more diversity of opinions than a liberal largely because Republicans were divided on supporting Trump while liberals were generally united behind see the issues being said of the liberal feed. though we can be hateful and at both ends of the conservative side talking about the issues a bit When Green returned to his regular liberal feed after the third he felt completely out of the loop with his topics of conversation. logged in and I was like bad nasty what is everyone talking hate several of our reading the alternative feed was not just but hurtful. How technology disrupted the truth Read hard for me to read some of said who is black. just a racist kind of and I think cleverly Pines was particularly pained by the way in which was portrayed by the which he described as and Tau a retired community organizer and activist from also had difficulty stomaching the feed. that they are saying is I fall under that said the hateful me. They hate me and my community and what I stand Twitter Tau a retired community organizer from Courtesy of Tau who owns a pet care service in found the on sites like just stopped. I look at it she said. But it only the liberals who found the experience painful. seeing a lot more hate from the liberal said all about how much of a misogynist Trump On her own found herself winnowing down her friends in order to avoid arguments. did a lot of friends because I want to feel enticed to correct what they were saying and get in a she said. I hated said a longtime conservative activist and member of for Trump from South seeing a psychiatrist trying to get over the shock and the hate from the she joked. thought this would be easier for me to because considered pretty open Twitter a longtime conservative activist. for the needle some of our checking out the other bubble only confirmed their commitment to staying inside their own. learned that on the are way more vicious and lack a certain maturity that I would expect of said after the election. just absolutely confirmed it ... They are irredeemable the liberal feed pulled me further to the said getting the I was drawn more and more to the conservative side. Instead of luring me it pushed me But some of our participants found greater understanding from the experiment. Twitter a found the on sites like Courtesy of said she was impressed by the of which uses like working class and jobs and economic stability. That promise is so great that it overshadows everything and I could see if the only thing that I I could understand. I could be Secret groups become activist is a Read whether that understanding had resulted in her having more empathy for Trump Lee know if there but working on it. I come from a place where I want to build a movement coming from love and so working on One of our said his time on the liberal page influenced his final decision. A rancher and attorney from is a registered Republican who was considering supporting the but ultimately chose not to vote for any presidential candidate. needle he said after his first exposure to the liberal feed. was kind of more undecided as I looked at it ... I was persuaded to think a really bad encounter any liberal news sources that convinced him to support but his time on the feed helped him realize that a Trump presidency could be dangerous. had to do with his overall temperament and decorum and he said. just reinforced for me the concern about what he might do with that much we should just his vote that for Since participating in the he a lot more interested in engaging with people who are open minded and are willing to talk about the whole Twitter a liberal from like being locked into a room full of those suffering from paranoid Courtesy of who currently relies on for of her said that she has concluded that the platform to filter out credible news articles on both ends and feed sensationalist far right have to be more proactive about getting good quality she said. said that exposure to the other side made her realize how difficult it might be to find common ground after the frightening to me to see how much the left and the right are divided right she said. To bring us back I know what going to the lessons of the election are more stark. we should stop having social he said. all the things that social media has done in terms of making it easier for me to stay in touch with someone that I was vaguely friends with in maybe the ability with social media for people to construct their own reality to create a mob is not worth elections 
To become the 45th president of the United or Trump has to win 270 electoral college votes. The candidates have spent what feels like 100 years locked in mortal but in the next few hours there will finally be a victor. probably. If a or a mandatory prepare for constitutional remind me how the electoral college works Each state is assigned a certain number of electoral ultimately based on its population. has the with 55. Seven states North South and have just three electoral votes. gets three there are 50 states in the most of these are Republican or Democrat. They vote the same way every time going back at least six elections. So the presidential election boils down to just a handful of the 10 or 11 states that have a recent history of selecting both Republicans and Democrats. This is why voters in places such as North and New are subjected to a barrage of television advertising and campaign stops. also why you have not seen and Trump holding rallies in or Twitter How does the US electoral college faces a much more difficult path to victory. He needs to win almost all of these swing states to become the next whereas if wins two or she wins the race. This is because Democrats start from a stronger position. There are 18 states plus that have voted for a Democrat for president in every election since 1992. That batch amounts to 242 electoral votes. There are only 13 states that have voted for a Republican in every election since 1992. Those states carry just 102 electoral simply wins all the states that have voted for her predecessors in the recent then adds has 29 electoral she is the next president. If she loses but and North she will be the next needs to hold on to all the historically Republican win states such as and which are usually Republican but where he has struggled in the polls and then win enough swing states to tip him over closing ET in because now the real fun polls close in eastern and most of of each state are on central so the polls there close at running is the governor of In the past 50 years the state has voted Democrat only once for in some states we will know the winner almost immediately after the polls close. Most news including the rely on the Associated Press to races. is able to announce the winners so quickly because it deploys thousands of people on election night to collect results from counties and locales as they are announced. It also uses exit polls and voting history. Solidly Democratic or Republican states are likely to be called quickly. Swing states are likely to take Trump drink. But Trump have to worry about the prospect of a Trump presidency. A nice way to toast and if you were minded to do so the builder might be to mix up a cocktail as you settle in for the night. got cinnamon schnapps and orange juice. But the most fun bit is the cotton candy on top. it look just like his Twitter The cocktail It could be a long or a short one. But at this stage we likely do not yet so our advice is to fuel yourself for a not a sprint. And you can feed yourself and prominent role in US elections by preparing a chili. a more take on your traditional brought to by in the If drinking more than one of you will want to line your Rolling You Always Get What You Want. A perfect to election given that both candidates are incredibly unpopular with the public. Trump likes the Rolling Stones and played this song at his rallies. The Rolling Stones do not like and asked him to stop. He ET ends in three key swing and New a minimal number of polling stations may stay open until 29 electoral college votes have proved crucial in the recent past. Gore can tell you that. He narrowly lost the state some still believe he actually won and the election to W despite winning the national popular vote. Away from the top of the senator and Republican presidential candidate is up for He has been running a bit ahead of Democrat in the polls. who resigned as chair of the Democratic National Committee in after leaked emails showed the party favoring is expected to comfortably win to was a reliably Republican state until won there in 2008 and again in 2012. The mix of rural wealthy federal government employees and military and so on make it difficult to but has been decisively ahead this year. New has been won by a Democrat in five of the past six presidential elections. But the Granite State gave Trump his first big primary and recent polling here has shown a tight race. Twitter Spice things up states closing at ET include South and home state. Sanders won the Democratic primary in by an amazing 73 points. But now with has a cocktail called Dirty Little a vodka martini with hot sauce in a reference to an interview in where said she always carried a bottle of hot sauce. You could quip to your friends that a perfect as the race is to heat ET close in West North and Expect the result from West very quickly Trump should win easily. North and are swing states and will take longer. has been seen as a reliable bellwether voting for the presidential winner in every election since 1964. That run might be coming to an either because of the changing demographics or because of the strangeness of the current in terms of the of both candidates. While its demographics are complicated a mix of Rust big farmland and more the electorate has grown more white and less educated than the national mean. That trend appears to account in part for strength in the Buckeye State this The Message of Love. Because is was born in You could also make a point about spreading a message of love. Or of someone pretending to spread a message of love. Not that in any way at how much politicians love the ET the Associated Press called the result just before which borders in west is seen as the ultimate bellwether. It has voted for the winner of every presidential election in 30 of the past 32 elections dating back to 1888. Keep an eye out for its big swing state closes its polls at have long dreamed of winning 20 electoral college based on growing support among once flourishing manufacturing and mining sectors in the and corners of the state. But has been creaming Trump in polls in and its which is where most of the people and she has been comfortably ahead in statewide polls for months. will also be under scrutiny on election day because of controversial claims that there has been voter fraud in in the past and his calls for election results in states will start to come in thick and fast. New Jersey and Island all close at and we can expect to call all these states pretty much polls also close at It is one of only two states the other is where voting finishes at that splits its electoral votes according to congressional state as a whole is likely to vote but Trump may steal an electoral vote in second which is made up of more rural a whole for page on a tribute to attempts to win the foodie vote. One of the recipes is provided by John the chairman of campaign. called Salsa and is basically nuts and but arranged into a large shape. Salsa ET polls in close at or depending on location. In the 2012 Mitt was declared the winner just before A Democratic candidate won in since proper southern boy Bill in but strong support for in counties with a high and in have made her a threat to Trump. If wins Trump might as well concede. hold your Inner City Blues Me Wanna The vote is and Trump gets a big ET close in two traditional swing and and in which is usually firmly Republican but is swingy this increasingly influential bloc and who stand Trump not to mention a superior Democratic ground game mean that has a decent chance of becoming the first Democrat to win since her husband in the polls close in New at they will have been open for 15 hours the longest polling window of any state. Barring an almighty will quickly be declared the North and South and all close at too. The networks should swiftly call these for Trump unless loose talk of taking which last went Democratic in the comes If that kind of water the horses and go to which like splits its electoral votes by congressional shuts its polls at ET. won second district in 2008. could do the same this thanks to a effort spearheaded by daughter of Warren. Twitter New cheesecake. was born in but was a senator from New for eight years. Trump was born in New before inheriting his successful real estate business. In Trump claimed his popularity was such that he could in the middle of Fifth Avenue New and shoot without losing voters. Trump has been trailing by in New Silver Springs. know I loved but you would not let laments Nicks. Might Trump be thinking the same thing when the Grand Canyon results come ET apparent strength in we may see the state called for her by in a deeply troubling upset for Trump may The New result should also come in around this time. They will offer one of the first concrete indications of how the night is and are the final swing states to close their polls. In the past two was called quickly for and also close at both are traditionally safe Republican but unpopularity means independent from has a strong chance of becoming the first or Democrat to win electoral college votes since 1968. has been called soon after the polls close in the recent past. If is declared the a good sign that the night is truly in uncharted in the most exciting way. Former congressional staffer buckle election brewery the oldest brewery in the US is based in Its owner came out in support of Trump in a move which has seen some drinkers boycotting the beer. You could however source some craft ale from the Victory Brewing also based in We might be getting an idea of who will be victorious around this time. Twitter Neon Trees Neon Your Surrender. almost definitely not about conceding a presidential but if Trump fails to win Neon home then he might want to think about surrendering to ET ... and in and close at ET. These are all safe Democrat states that are unlikely to unexpectedly impact the outcome. Back in the Associated Press called the swing states of North and worth a combined 48 electoral votes in the space of 30 minutes at around then declared at In networks announced had won just after might know the outcome sooner this time. Or we might not know for a lead in opinion polls translates to the actual then we may see states called for her on the back of strong early voting results. If enough swing states are called we could find out the result before ET. if Trump proves the polls the race could as quickly run to there are some individual states to look out is one. Some polling experts believe that if Trump win it is effectively game over. gave him less than a chance of winning the presidency if he fails to take the Buckeye if Trump loses North or or it also becomes very difficult for him to beyond if can win these are usually solidly Republican it would suggest she is in for a blowout victory that could see the election called for her very early. Twitter Queen was only called for after midnight and was not called for four days. is polling well ahead of Trump in and strong early voting results might see her announced the winner Queen We may see the first female following a campaign marked by sexism and inappropriate towards women. Queen called out the disrespectful treatment of women in this 1994 sandwich. signature dish is said to have originated in or in Key part of the Keys archipelago. got swiss mustard and pickles in and might be a good way to soak up the for the the the early we would expect a victory speech and a concession speech Trump has spoken of a threat that the election could be rigged and refused to say that if he loses he will accept the result. If would be the first woman to be elected US president. She has repeatedly spoken about breaking the in and has chosen to hold her election night party at New which actually has a glass Trump is he will be the first person with his own vodka line to be elected and only the fifth president to have never held elected office. The winner will have 73 days to set up a new government before they are sworn into office on 20 if concerned about withdrawal the midterm sometimes seen as a referendum on the will take place in 2018. All 435 members of the House of Representatives will be up for along with a third of the Senate and more than half the in summer a whole new cast of hopefuls will announce their presidential and the whole thing starts over again. to obviously. got reporters and stationed around the country. all day and coverage of the 2012 election night was the the most watched of all with an average of viewers. Lester and Chuck will be on and veteran Tom will be involved as an analyst. will be superimposing a map of the United States onto the Center ice News has and lined up to anchor its coverage of the night. have Rove and on hand to dissect the results. Rove have such a good time of it in when he refused to accept that had voted for over Mitt see how he gets on this time. Twitter Images for will have anchoring from New City. Robin will be tracking will be with Trump. will be out in Times Square interviewing the men and women on the street and getting reaction as the votes come will be manned by and until ET. As well as v be following congressional and senate races around the country. has also commissioned an artist to a mural of the electoral college filling in states as they are called. be able to watch that on will have and World News host stationed in Times Square. North editor will be with and World News Laura will be following and Vine will be explaining the results as they come News will also be based in Times Square. will anchor Decides special on election will be in and Burley will be out and about talking to voters and campaigners. The news channel says it is sending people than to cover the rest of your election night Roar. Played at almost every rally over the past year. is a big Hair. There very many songs devoted to hair. This is one that is. Gaga has endorsed If You Leave. A lament to us losing as president. years went under the like time was standing served eight but you get the Sisters O Sisters. A cry for gender equality and female empowerment. What better way to ring in the first female If that T feat Shut Be Happy. For the dread moment when Trump looks like he might interrupt this program with a special is now under martial constitutional rights have been in your not attempt to contact loved insurance agents or not attempt to think or depression may in your is at sharp after For that moment when is heading for but how you wish it was I Believe. For that moment when the state of turns Democratic I Your Mind This turns away from How about a classic soul We Live In Baby. campaign needs a anthem. time is we gonna make it It comes with a thing of cotton candy on the top that looks like hair. What more do you From oz oz cinnamon wheel and cotton for the vodka and into an and top with the orange juice. Garnish with an orange wheel and big puff of cotton Dirty Little Cocktail website came up with this. It uses hot referencing an interview in where said she carried hot sauce around with oz industry standard oz dry oz pickle dashes hot the ingredients in a shaker tin with ice. Shake it up for 12 seconds. Strain it into a coupe cocktail glass and garnish with a Thank you to Omni Hotels for this oz Handmade oz fresh lemon oz orange oz oz simple fresh plus 1 for pretty easy to the recipe then add add the remaining stir it up and pour it over few extra a whole for on One of the dishes is by John the chairman of Use a blender to grind up 2.5 cups of walnuts to a paste. Coat a saut pan with olive oil and toast the nuts. When golden add half a stick of butter and 1 cup of chopped canned tomatoes. Add of salt and of pepper. Stir it up then add 1.5 cups of chicken stock. then add of chopped fresh basil. Toss pasta with the and add cup of cheese. To arrange the pasta into a For can also find six of favorite recipes to follow on a helpful list of Guardian US in the mood where you Share your pictures and views with 
going close our rolling coverage of the 2016 presidential with a few hours and 10 days before election can read a summary of the events about subsequent remarks on the new review and about a falsehood strewn speech by Trump in here. reacts to new investigation into her demands explain review of new batch of emails Read more a divided nation but we are fighting to bring us all like here tonight. love here. Trump will make wealthy again. We will make strong again. We will make safe again. And we will make great again. God bless that Trump closes out his rally. have the highest murder in this country in 45 Trump very is distorting an statistic into a false in the agency reported that murders and manslaughter rose in the US by in the largest increase since 1971. That is not the same as saying there are more murders in the US than at any point since 15,696 murders were reported in down from 1991 and 1993 highs of 24,703 and 24,526. There were more murders in 1971 than in murder rate declined from 1993 to even though the population increased by a this debate Trump almost cited the statistic have an increase in murder within our the biggest in 45 The figure is a national not restricted to hear that from these he gesturing toward the press. want to talk about can read our report on from the day of the release and before Trump remarked on through the link up in biggest percentage increase since data shows Read more I am elected president I am going to keep radical terrorists out of this Trump without we will build the wall. And will pay for the wall. cost of the wall is peanuts compared to what talking Trump says. Nonpartisan analysts estimate the wall would cost at least The US goods trade deficit with is about which is offset by the US surplus in services of not for the open border policies of this Trump would be alive US does not have and has deported more than 2.5 million a record as Trump himself noted at final presidential has pledged open Trump supports sanctuary does not support open borders but does support sanctuary cities and reform to let people pass background checks and pay back taxes in order to stay in the and she supports executive actions to shield some such as people who were brought to the US as children. Like she supports deportation for people with criminal are going to have the biggest tax cut since is only true if in the wealthiest bracket of earners. Half of tax cuts would go to the top of according to the Tax Policy and most families below the top of earners would have income gains of less than Trump linger long on the Affordable Care Act though. He leads the crowd in a chant of the his new catchphrase for taking on corruption in percent of children under the age of are in Trump says citing outdated The poverty rates in question were as high as Trump says they were at the depths of the Great but they have since to somewhere between 20 percent and 37 depending on which income threshold you use. the rates for children are disproportionately so Trump has a point even if his statistics are too old and exaggerate the scale of poverty in that age group. On we rate the statement Half two million have fallen into poverty under the he also the own fact use of is misleading on two he starts counting from when W Bush was still in office and from right before the financial peak and he ignores that the population has grown dramatically in the eight years since then. Almost 1.4 million people fell below the poverty line between 2008 and Census poverty numbers but the number of people in poverty has decreased during the recovery. In 2015 it fell to down from in 2009. will be very hard to leave your farm to your children and your he alluding to the on though the estate tax actually only affects wealthy families and not the majority of Trump then moves on to saying that in the and that leading in many of them. This is not as election models and poll averages know going to happen Trump continues. much is at stake in this we win in we are going to have honest government once again. destroyed 33,000 emails. Destroyed 13 then without that her office up for to corporations and foreign donors. Hacked emails show concerns within the campaign that was too close with various but no one has found evidence of a favor returned in exchange for donations to the charitable moves on to reminiscing about last he came down an elevator with his wife to announce his presidential campaign. He abruptly segues into saying how going to be the smart country once and saying never win correctly says that the White House has admitted premiums will increase by as much as next but then misleadingly says that the true number is twice that. Premiums will increase by varying amounts according to each some will be quite as Trump others will be far then correctly notes that misled about whether they could keep their doctor under the Affordable Care and replacing is one of the single most important reasons we must win on Trump says. Trump appears on stage in Cedar He thanks earlier the after discovering new the crowd cheers reopening their investigation into is not technically correct. said the emails are part of a new review the prior her the crowd investigation is the biggest political scandal since and hope that justice at last can be delivered. In the very brief remarks tonight tonight tried to politicize this Trump attacking and falsely accusing the director of only sending the letter to Republicans. lie. As it turns out it was sent to both Republican and Democratic says that the never have reopened this case at this time unless it were a most egregious criminal give them great credit for having the courage to right this horrible wrong. Justice will has suggested for months that the has acted politically to hide alleged corruption. Someone is back at the podium after more than 45 minutes of waiting. not but he praises the who is reportedly en put his finger on a deeply body of the man at the podium says. is going to be the next president of the United States of the man leaves the stage. get the next president up of Trump has an chance of winning the election and has a according to election model. Far from the podium in Cedar was asked by about the new review and the role that disgraced congressman plays in to on new God. I should not comment on not a big the Republican candidate has at last landed in the correct J. Trump landed in speaking 2016 Trump is now an hour and 15 minutes late to his own but reporting continues to trickle out from on director decision to announce a review into emails of unknown speaking on condition of anonymity have told the Post that he sent a cryptic letter today because of politics within the agency and with Congress. Director B. decided to inform Congress that he would look again into handling of emails during her time as secretary of state for two main reasons a sense of obligation to lawmakers and a concern that word of the new email discovery would leak to the media and raise questions of a described by officials close to on the condition of prompted the director to release his brief letter to Congress on and upset a presidential race less than two weeks before Election Day. It placed again at the center of a highly partisan argument over whether the top law enforcement agency was unfairly influencing the a memo explaining his decision to employees soon after he sent his letter to said he felt obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was we ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing but here I feel I also think it would be misleading to the people were we not to supplement the wrote to his new reporting from suggests sent letter because he felt pressure from 2016 talks about John the former speaker of the House. brags that he voted against a veteran Republican for that reminded in his palatial that I do not report to says. report to the good people of the first district of office of the speaker belongs to whomever wins the title. Republican a close ally of before the former currently works there. enthusiastically endorsed a representative from the time is now. The time is now or never. The time is 8 or before moving on to abysmal monsters. are staring into the abyss. been in the belly of the beast for two years. We are staring into the need your help. Will you help says he needs the audience to them about He begins talking about how his father fought in the second world war with a education. Trump is nearly an hour late. A mustachioed man named addresses the crowd before who is approximately 40 minutes late to the Cedar Rapids rally. The man is and praising various Republican candidates. He says that voters are going to terrify Democrats. them shiver and cause a change and I can feel it in the did with those I know politically but you know what we had a secretary of state put our national your your grandchildren at stake. a history going to tell you right now the history of our the history of our we have a precedent for going actually say anything about conclusions that was or that they found no evidence that her server had been though they thought it at returns. glad got that out of his Rod appears on stage. He says he represents in which he then says is and are fed up with the we are fed up with the we are fed up with people who go there to serve he says. Still waiting for a former Apprentice comes out onto the stage to pep up the crowd by dismissing across the someone holds a moment of prayer for Trump and Mike Pence. Then introduces a man to lead the crowd in the pledge of Cedar Rapids music teacher takes the lead for the national anthem. says that Trump a chance on a an and an he showed me was enough to put my successful careers on she to campaign for Trump. got a huge she says. know this heart and it is good. And he genuinely loves people. You live in New City and not love last statement is not goes on to say that she knows much this man loves this need this gonna win this thing in a landslide. And gonna happen. I predicted it and gonna then says the the alluding to the new review into a new batch of emails related to and the crowd chants her As we wait for Trump to speak in the state has reported its third suspected case of attempted voter fraud in a Trump according to the Register. was booked into the County Jail about on a election misconduct which is a Class D a registered reportedly cast an early voting ballot at the County Election 120 Second and another ballot at a county satellite voting location in according to a police the first time in 12 years that County Auditor can remember ever having to report potential voter he said other two suspects are accused of casting ballots and also voting in according to police reports. As of neither of those suspects had been case is under investigation by think it shows that our voting system works in that able to catch are running high on both as election day the county auditor but the cases of double voting could also have been simple mistakes. not for me to he was held in jail on a but she had been released as of afternoon. Her next court appearance was scheduled for court records has repeatedly and falsely claimed that voter fraud is rampant throughout the and especially in largely black precincts of and It is businessman has also suggested that he would not mind voter fraud perpetrated in his saying at a rally last if gonna vote for think about intimidation fears follow Trump's call for election Read more Trump is due to speak at a rally in Cedar at local just under a two hour drive from where just held her press conference. is on her way back to her New while Trump will carry on to and for campaign stops on The former secretary of state will make her own stop in the latter which was not long ago thought to be securely on asks could Democrats sweep the Read more
Every morning before the sun a single mother of two frantically gathers her belongings and sets off for work to beat the morning traffic in If she leave before congestion during rush hour could extend her journey from suburbs towards downtown to three or four hours. in trouble if I leave my house around 6 or says. then arrive at work until nine or and that creates a lot of problems with my manager because supposed to get there by eight. If the government do anything about the not going to get any easier To ensure a punctual a seamstress at a manufacturing that converts plastic waste into reusable leaves her home at every day and begins work an hour later just as the road traffic starts to build as roughly 2 million daily commuters converge on the central business district in downtown of black exhaust fumes hover over the heads of impatient motorists. Cab drivers blast their while pedestrians scurry on to rickety minibuses referred to as by locals that carry up to passengers squeezed tightly together. Only motorcyclists who can skilfully between lanes are able to bypass the congestion. Twitter traffic jams on outskirts. via gridlock typically costs economies billions of dollars insufficient data in developing countries makes it difficult to assess the economic impact on cities such as A recent report by the World Bank measuring the cost of air pollution provides some insight into how congestion affects health. Gridlock causes longer travel which increases fuel use and emissions. In a total of 17,524 died from air a increase from 1990. has struggled with the management of the mobility challenges and rising traffic congestion on almost all arterial routes to the central business director of statistics and information management at Ministry of admits in an email. implementation of various remedial measures was on an basis and not well coordinated. There was the need for a holistic the government of began developing a plan to reduce congestion and overhaul the urban transportation system in the Greater Metropolitan Area which includes and its outskirts. The plan was in collaboration with the International Cooperation Agency and supported by a grant from the South the end of this the final transport master plan is due to be presented to ministry of transport for implementation. The plan seeks to together all modes of transport not only by and traffic congestion and logistic over the next 20 years. Twitter The traffic master plan aims to traffic congestion and logistic over the next 20 years. via current population of around 4.3 million is predicted to almost double by 2035 likewise the number of vehicles on the roads. While increased congestion can reflect a growing economic the potential negative effects low worker more dangerous commuter pressure on road infrastructure and an unhealthy intake of dirty fuel emissions will place a serious strain on the city if it is not addressed is not alone in facing transportation challenges. Nearby the economic capital of is notorious for being one of the most gridlocked cities in the world. But its population is around five times and its economy greater than the whole of so according to associate director for transport planning at the engineering consultancy should have no excuse when it comes to severe a small should be able to manage traffic much says. just been a total lack of foresight. The planners should sit down and not doing this for doing it for the a senior urban specialist with Cities says it is this kind of regulatory neglect that has led to traffic troubles and dysfunctional transport system in knew the population was says. knew we were getting but we ignored all the necessary ingredients and elements for planning our urban space Twitter says the new is on but also too limiting geographically excluding regions beyond Greater from which much of the traffic originates. urban area is impacted by the said. if doing your calculation and you cut out the you might not be doing a very good officer at in says the planners were unable to conduct research on areas beyond the Greater Metropolitan Area because of time and first mass transit bus Omnibus Services was established in 1927 during the colonial period. After public transportation remained largely until the late and early when the government divested itself of assets amid financial mismanagement. This was when the privately run buses appeared to fill the the a significant contributor to has been the most common mode of mass transportation ever since. In the Greater Passenger Transport Executive launched a pilot run of a new Bus Rapid Transport unleashing city buses across several major routes throughout Greater In defiance of president John claims that this marked beginning of a new modern public transport for the operators and other commercial drivers threatened to strike over fears the new buses would force them out of operation. The final proposes building on the new bus network by replacing thousands of with buses that promise to be faster and more comfortable a move that looks set to increase tensions with the existing transport providers. These buses will only be released a incremental to make room for adoption and says is no air pollution sparks health warning Read according to from Cities even a successful implementation of the public bus system will only provide minimal relief to congestion. For sustainable he planners must commit to focusing on tram and subway developments so commuters like forced to upend their daily lives just to get to work. have to envision what kind of city we want to says. we want a city that supports its whose people feel free to move A city where public transportation is properly That is the kind of city I 
terms of service are pretty by the standards of such things. should I once read 150,000 words of small print in a week to see what I would find There are very few random blocks of fairly and it has in it. You even have to scroll down to find one of the key which lays out what it means when you share information with own all of the content and information you post on the company assures you can control how it is shared through your privacy and application who is to tell me that I share the information I own and I control with a company offering me a hefty discount for doing what did in response to insurance company plan to let young drivers share their posts to prove they are be plan something I was fighting to sign up for. For one I drive and have zero posts on my account. Not quite the target there. But there are more reasons to be bizarre claim that exclamation mark use indicated a bad for instance. also not eager to contribute to the erosion of which lies at the heart of the entire concept of insurance. something of the surveillance state about your every personal action having a financial consequence as it gets filtered through the corporate is really fighting my The company forced Admiral to pull its test citing section 3.15 of the platform policy the rules under which are allowed to plug in to site. Those rules are data should not be used to decisions about including whether to approve or reject an application or how much interest to charge on a a celebrated its rejection of the privacy of the people on is of utmost importance to us. We have clear guidelines that prevent information being obtained from from being used to make decisions about hard to see how the privacy of people on has been protected. software was ensuring that the company saw nothing its customers share with them. the software plugged into with a scan your profile to find out if eligible for discounts on your care for with the permissions required to play even a simple game. Words With for asks for your public friends and email address before you can play it. Does a scrabble clone really need to know my age and a site that cares about privacy crack down on fact really acting based on invasion or not of privacy. acting because Admiral has violated exclusive right to be the only company that uses data to cared about unfair profiling and privacy for it would probably not have started grouping its users together based on their It then allow that ethnic affinity to be used as a basis for excluding users from and it certainly allows that ethnic affinity to be used as a basis for potentially illegal discrimination in real estate cared about the privacy of its it strain as hard as it could to suggest you may based on the slimmest of inferences. It certainly go so far as to recommend that patients befriend other people who visit the same psychiatrist as them. That seems like a far bigger privacy breach than willingly letting your insurance company read your may be a simpler reason why like like the Admiral. If you you could get a discount on your car insurance by being cautious about what you you might make fewer personal you might fewer spontaneous or you might just make fewer posts. has already seen a decline in what it calls you or I actually writing a rather than simply sharing a link or liking a picture and it could be scared that that trend could continue. If our visits to the site share price could go the same fool yourself. fighting in your corner against an evil insurance company if that insurance company exactly on the side of angels It just wants to make sure you think twice next time you post got drunk and all my Think going to get a tattoo 
J. Trump will not be sworn in for two more but as of next the big gold letters spelling out his name will be removed from three large apartment buildings on the Upper West Side of tenants were told on Hundreds of tenants at the buildings at 160 and 180 Riverside which contain a total of 1,325 signed a petition to the TRUMP last month after provocative campaign statements had offended immigrants and liberals on the Upper West Side. The between 66th and 69th along Riverside are owned not by Trump but by Equity a publicly traded company based in which bought them in 2005 for million. a had been involved in the development known at various times as Riverside South and Trump Place. Equity Residential kept the name Trump Place on the exterior of the buildings and on their and uniforms. Tenants got a hint that change was afoot in late when doormen told residents that they were being measured for new uniforms that would no longer bear the Trump name. on they received an email from a senior regional manager for Equity. It the Trump Place building names will change to the street addresses 160 and 180 Riverside Boulevard. The purpose of this change is to assume a neutral building identity that appeals to all current and future Asked whether the letters on the buildings had hurt the ability to lease vacant Martin Equity vice president for investor and public have a comment on that. A more neutral identity going forward is the path Equity portfolio consists of about 80,000 apartments in New Southern and coincidentally all areas where the Democratic presidential won a majority. preferred to describe those markets as gateway a resident who started the was elated. Ms. a film and television said. used the power of protest to say that we have to accept the spread of the influence into our very homes. To it feels like a cleansing of the place where I But in an interview on the chairman of Equity tenants had no role in said he and as he called Trump had talked about it a year ago. want anything to happen while the election was going he said. According to Equity entered a of name with the Trump which did not require it to pay Trump to use his name. That contract has now expired. vice president of marketing for the Trump issued a statement saying the change mutually agreed
Labor senator Pat says the debate about watering down the Racial Discrimination Act is a back to bigotry and and has used a speech to the Senate to underscore the power of a prominent Indigenous leader before his entry to federal told the Senate on morning the had perception of freedom but that freedom looks different if you are forced to fight for wrong with particularly if you are from the ruling class. a hell of a lot wrong with freedom if got to battle to experience said. got to fight for rails against as Senate debates free speech politics live Read was born before the 1967 when we were not even counted in the census of this country as Aboriginal people and when this government did not have any power to make laws for Aboriginal people because we were excluded by the of our constitution in 1901. Twitter on section and free whole battle for recognition and for to enjoy the basics of being a citizen in this had to be fought for by black and white Faith and many I see today is the ideological creep back to bigotry and to intervention came during a debate on a private bill to remove part two of the Racial Discrimination which sets out the various prohibitions on offensive based on racial significant contributions on morning included the One Nation declaring she was fed up with being called a and the Liberal Democratic party senator comparing suppressing racism to suppressing urged people listening on to the debate to have no doubt racism something growing wild in the being tended in flower boxes in flats and and that matter is something that we as all should be working to get rid said the death threats made this week against his Labor colleague and fellow West threats which followed the immigration Peter saying had made a mistake in the in letting into because some of their descendants had gone on to be charged with criminal showed that words were email sent to office on 22 with the subject line was right. Pack your bags and piss off back to where you came from and take all of your terrorist faith with threats against the MP on her page are being investigated by the Federal do and how we use words is said on rights comes said the parliament had a duty to stand up for vulnerable people rather than enhance the power of powerful people. this nation cannot stand up for the the and those who are most vulnerable because of their their ethnicity or their then we have become a very sad replication of what democracy is debate was triggered by a bill introduced by to amend the bill goes further than a separate private bill being advanced by the South Liberal which would remove the words insult and offend from section of the senators during debate made it clear they would not be voting in of the to his said laws should not protect hurt and that in outnumbered an ideal none of us would entertain racist thoughts but some of us and some of us also make racist seeks to do is discourage racist speech in the hope that somehow that will change racist thoughts. It In fact it makes it more are prone to conspiratorial thoughts. Suppressing their speech is like suppressing it make itself known in the same but it will erupt far better to allow racist speech to attack it with more used her speech to say she was fed up with being called a racist. She said her critics were unable to define her One Nation leader made the argument that previous generations of migrants people who used to be called had used the experience of having a go at them ... to become part of the was taken with a good sense of I think we have lost that in I think people have become so precious that you say or do anything argued was now afflicted with where white were not permitted to have opinions unless they were fortunate enough to be parliamentarians and were given the protection of parliamentary have an opinion. We say anything any took on and his argument that words are powerful. She contended it was Middle Eastern religion that was hate onto the rest of the had it up to here with my making a gesture at her 
One day during his last year at primary drew a picture of a street in the city where he still lives. The scene he drew had no people in but its representation of everything else suggested a talent beyond his happened to see the and said he wanted to put it up in the entrance hall. that was an for someone who think they were any because been told they any every was asked to write his name on the an instruction that threw up a choice. He had difficulties with and he knew his class teacher could be cruel. I asked for I knew what he would he even spell his own what rubbish is So I did it teacher called to the front of the class. went gave it to he held it up in front of the and then he tore it up. He spelled his name wrong never be happened 45 years ago. In recent has been treated for stress caused at least partly by that and how long it lived not just in his but in his understanding of the world and his place in it. The story says a lot about the inhumanity that was once rife in the education but it also shines light on what like spending a lot of your life being not just but routinely insulted. telling you no good every day worms its way inside your says. you know all so this conflict going has known that he has syndrome to put it another that he is autistic. Ten minutes will tell you that condition comes down to a of to do with social communication and or what some people call of although the fact that is a prolific artist suggests in his that last criterion might be many diagnoses of autism have also included a range of sensory among them aversions to certain smells and as well as a deep dislike of sudden noise. In these seem to blur into a complex kind of he understands music as something he can and experiences the yellow as a profoundly unpleasant like sometimes talks about his condition in front of an and there is one question that always comes up. he sits in his room all he does he does complicated he talk to anyone else how do I make him you made his world. One show it to you. let him grow up thinking that the way thinking and what doing are was formally diagnosed at the age of at an clinic run as an offshoot of Autism Research after he was referred there by his The initial spark had been a meeting with the founder and in case anyone was of who had spoken with at the literature had begun to what sat under a lot of his at the the biography that accompanied his work as an artist included the words From May 2012 until he worked as the research immediately a specialist gave him his formal a process that involved an interview and something akin to a questionnaire. got the letter saying I scored 18 out of 18 autistic and I had meet in a crowded near St Cathedral in where he wryly comments on the mixture of clattering cups and muzak a lot of autistic this would probably be and casts his mind back over the 35 years he has been thinking about and researching autism. He started working with six autistic children in a special unit in north in 1982. Fifteen years he set up the research two years after in he opened a clinic dedicated to diagnosing autistic adults. My son received a diagnosis aged three. He had fixations with particular music or places traits I in was a growing awareness that autism just about he tells me. was receiving more and more emails an but never fitted in. Might he have An adult go to a child and adolescent so where were they meant to If they went to a learning disability and they had an above be turned away. So these people were like a lost generation. That was a phrase I used a National Autistic Society estimates that there are currently around 700,000 people living with autism in the more than one in every 100 of the population. Some of these people have learning disabilities. Some are what the medical vocabulary terms or unable to speak. Others are a that includes those with the condition named after the paediatrician who in the worked with a group of children he famously termed syndrome is distinguished by the fact that people who have it display no language delay as toddlers or small children. died in long before the term entered popular usage. It has since been dropped from the relevant diagnostic but is still used in the is among this latter group that you will find many of the of autistic people currently thought to have been diagnosed as adults. No national figures for adult autism diagnoses are but anecdotal evidence suggests numbers are tells me that four years 100 cases in were referred to his in the first four months of 2016 it received 400 of the terms used to describe autism do justice to the complicated traits bound up with it. all its variants are covered by the term autism spectrum or people who dispute that autism is any kind of prefer the term autism spectrum condition. The word was first used in this context by the pioneering researcher who died in 2014. she meant at the I was a spectrum within those who come to clinical attention. Where gone since is that this spectrum runs right through out into the general own interest in autism began when my son received a diagnosis of at the age of three. Back some things seemed the social distance between him and his his fixations with particular music the or his pointed dislike of some foods or sounds still curse whoever invented the public toilet his amazing facility with technology. these things are simply part of the fabric of our shared life. I echoes of myself in some of these traits the and of plenty of other more than his 10 years have brought me an understanding of the complexities of human both among those diagnosed as the and the everyday world has yet to catch up. Only of adults diagnosed with autism in the are in paid employment. In 2014 team found that of the patients in their clinic had either felt suicidal or planned to kill and that a third had attempted to do so. my this is nothing to do with autism or he says. are secondary problems. You came into the world with and the way the world or to you has led to a second which is depression. And week after talking to I take the train to the town of to meet Peter who got his autism diagnosis only 10 months ago. He is an funny and says he loves perhaps a little too much. get this deep urge a to talk to people. When described it to the said like a bucket of water and full. And then all of it comes and it Twitter Peter get too much for and they get too much for 20 it becomes clear that Street has the most astonishing life story of anyone I have ever interviewed. His he became pregnant with him when she was raped. In his native the two of them were taken in by a man much older than who employed her as his and then married her and adopted Street to give the arrangement a veneer of normality. He grew he with no extended family and very few friends. get too much for and they get too much for me. A lot of the I overpower people. When I was a when I made a I would go and sit on their waiting for them. a really early and I cope with being late anywhere. I used to go and sit on the maybe seven in the morning. And people obviously like daily he often revolved around an outside and his back which he would use for solo games of football and marbles. that was in some sense. It have been wonderful for some but it was for He also made endless trips to the where he acquired a forensic knowledge of he mentions the musclebound actor who played can take certain things in really odd he says. I take in what most people take in every he found it almost impossible to tune in to the teachers. were shit with he says. knew how to abuse. They were good at it. They were bullies. They used to stand me in the in the and hit me over the head with the board to knock some sense into me. always blamed my epilepsy on He started having grand seizures when he was it is now estimated that around a third of autistic people also experience though the relationship between the two is something that has yet to left school unable to read or write. He passed through a series of jobs a a shop some of which came to an end because he found it difficult to process complex before settling into work as a gardener and gravedigger. Along the he married his with whom he has three grownup children. like being with he says. very very introverted. In a a after breaking his neck while trying to climb into a transit van that was pulling Street began three years in recovery. While he was in he met a fellow patient who was an and started to work with him on his through adult he discovered a talent for we he hands me an anthology of his published in that begins with a poem titled Not Being a perfect glimpse into the autistic experience of not fitting the late Street began to teach poetry in schools and day in the early he became a at the in which led to a series of assignments. In he went to to write about the war that was then engulfing the with often said that they have no emotion or he says. have too much too much empathy. It broke my Three experiences preyed on a meeting with an abandoned in a refugee an occasion when he gave his water ration to an emaciated woman with a newborn and the experience of eating a sumptuous meal in the town of with or four kids at the looking in. And I have the balls to get up and go and give them my his inability to put away these memories had become too much. went to a therapist. And she want you to go and see a friend of mine. a specialist in diagnosing people with I go as you do. And she gave me these really strange games. They were like a jigsaw four pieces. White. They were so I thought I could do them and I He was handed five plastic figures and and told to make a story with them. I do either. I connect them together into one story. She said I was highly but on the autism response was one of enormous relief. cried. It was wonderful. Wonderful. Because all my life suddenly made sense. And none of it the the abuse none of it was my fault. Apart from my family and put it in the top five greatest things that have happened in my life. incredibly got her diagnosis of syndrome she is perfectly comfortable with the term when she was 30. Back she was a regular user of the social networking site that was a forerunner of and and one of her contacts had begun to write about the process of finding out he was autistic. wrote about it quite all the reasons gone for what the procedure was seeing half a dozen different psychiatrists before he found one who would refer him for she tells me. the more he wrote about the more I was this is is now 35. She also has mild cerebral which manifests itself in spasms in her knees and wrists. She is a whose specialism is the and has a punishing training schedule. She wears a vintage Bowie has a picture of the town of tattooed on her right and is a prolific and waspish presence on Twitter. is currently awaiting a decision on the funding of her which is focused on the relationships between academic libraries and digital academic social networking services and governance in research At secondary boys pretend to fancy you. It kills because you take it grew up in in the dales and now lives in Throughout her says she had a deep sense of being somehow. Being clever and being a supposedly interesting but never able to maintain friendships and saying something among women and girls is only starting to be properly understood. The male to female ratio of autistic people currently stands at around although says he and other autism specialists are currently in a in their the actual figure may eventually turn out to be very different. a whole new topic researchers are latching on about whether females for whatever reason might be better at hiding their he something that is borne out by recollection of her time at not supposed to get on with parents better than them when you go round to their houses. I really want to play with people I just looked really aloof. I read the diary of Frank when I was and I talked about the Holocaust. But I would try to copy other how they talked and acted. watch that other people watched so have something to talk about. and Home And She laughs. got a when everyone else got but I had no interest in the teenage etiquette and the nastiness that often comes with it proved too much. are cruel. They exclude each and pretend to be friends with each as a game. And I get but I get insincerity. And at secondary boys pretend to fancy because the most ludicrous idea they can think of. It kills you because you take it seriously. And they invite you to and then they show or round the corner laughing. All of that Twitter Penny would try to copy other how they talked and has been married to her for 11 years. he loves me the way I completely myself with How hard does she find it to read other sort of depends. If actually I can probably feel it quicker than other people. I can feel it too much. But I usually tell if people are trying to get out of a if people are trying to leave. You have to tell need to I tell whether people like me or which is of people have issues with I myself included. they seem at peace with it. Even with people known for a long I know whether they like me or not unless had an explicit you actually like Which turns people it comes to understanding how much does she think the world still needs to a lot. Because I think a lot of people still believe or think a really mild it just makes it a bit harder for her to make makes her a bit more A lot of the stressful. Painful. When the sensory stuff is like being mentions people flicking their train or jangling their or whistling. not I have really but can you stop doing But people have one last question. is what some people call When she meets autistic people who does she feel they are part of the same And I think we have a as people who can to make sure that those people are looked after and not and they have inappropriate people speaking for or saying things got a mental age of How would they if they communicate with From what I can they are experiencing the same thing as me. When seen a person have a it looks like my only more physical. It She thinks for a minute. looks like an unrestrained version of how I sometimes talks about what many autistic people call like pretend interest in soaps and about managing to blend even if that means submerging whole chunks of your personality. In passing took its toll in his late he hit an emotional wall. being true to yourself has an effect on he says. been and that had failed. I had a girlfriend at the and that was failing. I had a bit of a and it took me a couple of years to get used to started out on a new path as an artist. The work he does ranges across disciplines including sculpture and and regularly touches on his own story. Among his most affecting works is a piece called My School an fountain pen covered in spikes that perfectly evokes his struggles as a child. You might have but the basics of the way you view the world are right for he was working on a project with a group of teenagers for a charity called the Foyer Federation. woman in charge you ever considered he recalls. She gave him a copy of Mark novel The Curious Incident Of The Dog In The now almost a set text for people interested in the condition. I went away and I read one page and I wells up now. might have faults and but the basics of the way you view the world are right for you. When everybody tells thinking you know not. But if tells you you think faulty. the root of the depression and the low So to read those things on a page was emotional. It was . I could see that someone understood. And I maybe I am It would be another six years before he was formally most adults who receive a the formal recognition might make belated sense of their but it tends to make little difference to their daily existence. According to the National Autistic of adults say they get the help they need. People might just about the more extreme but as Penny puts probably not aware of the bulk of autistic people who are sitting coping with a lot of and the fact that dealing with all this noise and stress and uncertainty that they have among autistic adults speaks for itself. Even such mundane things as the ubiquity of piped or inadequate in public attest to the same basic a society averting its eyes from things that blight hundreds of thousands of lives and might easily be improved. We of but the point needs to be greater understanding and then practical cites one big if autism comes down to an often profound difficulty navigating the only a tiny number of people currently receive the help they need to do that. about how to go or how to go for a job or how to reply to your girlfriend. To if we were a be paying for mentors. It seem government called Access To Work means that does get help from a support worker called a calm and empathic woman who accompanies him to our interview. is copied into all his and in the course of work as an artist and a researcher into disability and creativity at she regularly shadows him for a couple of hours a day. Among other her job is partly to assist him in the kind of reading between the lines that professional and social etiquette but that a lot of autistic people find difficult. Very she she is there to suggest that a particular request or instruction is put in a different or to remind people in authority that has his own ways of working. might have a time span to do a piece of if your line manager is checking you each day to find out your progress you might not do anything for two you might be mulling it over in your in the workplace an opportunity not a drawback Read talks a lot about the quintessentially autistic way in which he divines patterns in the often immersing himself in them. Music is a good example. He has an called which he uses to sequences of electronic notes into an which he can then use if a spurt of anxiety means he needs to readjust. He plays me a which I say reminds me of the kind of experimental music that came out of in the not a got really into Tangerine Dream in about 1976 the repeating sequences were heaven for says. He also likes the electronic pioneers which rings loud bells. My son is a and regularly in on particular segments of their songs and plays them over and over. Does that sound and his mind goes back to 1978. bought Blue Sky by There was a track on the other and it had a very strange beginning. It was called Fire On and play it over and over and over aligned me. It made me feel that the world was right and everything was together. It felt like it was part of me. like all the stars lining smiles. like that give me the feeling meant to be 
An automated army of J. Trump overwhelmed similar programs supporting five to one in the days leading up to the presidential according to a report published by researchers at Oxford University. The basic software programs with a bit of artificial intelligence and rudimentary communication skills would send messages on Twitter based on a usually defined on the social network by a word preceded by a like Their to confuse people on or simply muddy said N. a sociologist at the Oxford Institute and one of the authors of the report. If you were looking for a real debate of the you going to find it with a yelling said. a lot of what they pass around is false The role fake news played in the presidential election has become a sore point for the technology particularly Twitter and On said it would ban websites that peddle fake news from using its advertising service. also updated the language in its Audience Network which already says it will not display ads in sites that show misleading or illegal to include fake news sites. In some the bots would post embarrassing make references to the Federal Bureau of Investigation inquiry into private email or produce false for that was about to go to jail or was already in jail. use of automated accounts was deliberate and strategic throughout the the researchers wrote in the published by the Project on Computational Propaganda and Digital Politics at Oxford. Because the were almost entirely anonymous and were frequently bought in secret from companies or individual it was not possible to directly link the activity to either except for a handful of bots created by they noted. there was evidence that the mystery were part of an organized effort. does seem to be strategy behind the said. the third Trump bots were launching into their activity early and we noticed that automated accounts were actually colonizing A is used to indicate a Twitter topic. By adopting relating to the opposition bots were most likely able to wiggle their way into an conversation among supporters. After the the bot traffic declined with the exception of some programs that won and you said. Trump campaign officials did not respond to requests for comment. Twitter executives argued that more people would not follow the programs and so they would be picked up only by those who looked for particular who claims that automated accounts that tweeted about the election had an effect on opinions or influenced the national Twitter conversation clearly underestimates voters and fails to understand how Twitter said Nick a Twitter spokesman. The researchers based their study on a collection of about 19.4 million Twitter posts gathered in the first nine days of They selected tweets based on identifying certain subjects and identified automated posting by finding accounts that post at least 50 times a day. the top 20 which were mostly bots and highly automated averaged over 1,300 tweets a day and they generated more than 234,000 the researchers noted. top 100 which still used high levels of generated around 450,000 tweets at an average rate of 500 tweets per The Oxford researchers had previously reported that political had played a role in shaping the political landscape that led to vote. The researchers have coined the term to describe the explosion of deceptive social media campaigns on services like and Twitter. In a previous research and a researcher at University of described how political had a but strategic in shaping the conversation during the to the referendum. The bot managers seem to the programs as well. During the they discovered that a family of bots that had been tweeting around issues for three or four years had suddenly become After the the bots returned to their original issue. In the case of the the researchers noted that automated accounts the accounts that tweeted 450 or more times with a related and user mention during the data collection period generated close to 18 percent of all Twitter traffic about the presidential They also noted that bots tend to circulate negative news much more effectively than positive reports. One of the consequences of the intense social media campaigns will be a rise in what social scientists call supporters will cut the Trump supporters out of their and Trump supporters will do the said. polarization of the election is going to make this stuff worse as we our news
Whether they are professionals ditching the corporate rat race or freelancers fancying a different more and more people are choosing to be digital nomads. easy to see the appeal who dream of working from a beach to the sound of the waves crashing rather than from an office on a industrial estate overlooking a car So apart from a phone and perhaps a dash of courage what does it take to achieve this Which countries are easiest for digital nomads to work And what are the downsides do digital nomads risk one of the rising ranks of freelancers according to the number of freelancers in the has increased since 2008 and intrigued about swapping your current lifestyle for the unknown. Or perhaps in an unfulfilled job and want to hit the road with a new business venture. Either if you want to find out more about starting a join us on 2 from for a live chat with our expert panel. be for nomadic to set up as a remote and advantages to working takes place in the comments section below this article. Taking part is easier than create a free Guardian account or log in using your Twitter or profile to comment. you can tweet us or email your questions to who can post them for is the founder of the food and travel site Legal Nomads and the author of The Food Handbook. Formerly a she is now an and public and has been for the last eight is the founder of Nomadic Working where he shares his experience of working while traveling remotely. Nomadic Working aims to share detailed knowledge of truly remote working as well as recently in the form of their latest How I Became a Nomadic Bard is a work who has been a digital nomad for four and is a speaker and writer on the topic. created her lifestyle to include work with corporate clients across South East and the Middle East as a writing and a popular and resources is a freelance writing for titles including the the The Telegraph and The Big Issue. After a trip following university created a thirst for working and living she has since clocked up stints in New South and A fan of just escaped for a short spell in the warmer climate of has been the world as a digital nomad for the past six years. He is also the founder of the Nomad Cruise a transatlantic cruise for digital nomads. He has met hundreds of nomadic learned from their experience and now shares his own Archer is an experienced career coach and of She in career along with work and used to work remotely for a tech company. Later he moved to the Canary Islands where he started his project Surf Office which now helps companies to productive company retreats in and two stores in both run by remote while he was traveling. He started documenting his story and that of others on the and his business started bringing listeners together in the Dynamite a community of established small business leads on the coordination of policy development. His knowledge of the policymaking process helps deliver the best possible working environment for freelancers throughout the for a Browse Guardian Jobs or sign up to Guardian Careers for the latest job vacancies and career Q and 
And you can read a full report from Game 1 win World Series Game 1 against Cubs as sets strikeout record Read more Email from This a good start.... remains to be seen if the Goat fingers a seven game series and a lot can but no doubt this was a huge victory for the Terry is now undefeated in World Series games. The more you a Game 2 an hour earlier than game due to weather concerns. A win there and the Cubs have gone 1-1 on the which is what supposed to Well then might start panicking. be covering that for the hopefully be joining us. Thanks for following along with especially those who Cubs 0-6 is in to here. falls behind 2-0. It feels like with a 6 run lead the mission should just be throw but given the hard not to understand if his command gets the benefit of a high strike call on the next pitch. 2-1. His next pitch is a definite strike. 2-2. Progressive Field gets REAL LOUD and swings and misses at the next pitch and IT GETS The have won Game 1 of the World Series Cubs 0-6 top takes ball one and then swings and misses at second pitch. 1-1. He swings and foul tips one into the mitt for strike two. 1-2. He swings and misses at a high fastball and out number two. The Cubs are down to their final out of the game. Cubs 0-6 top falls behind 3-1 and then hits a fly ball off the wall for a double. Improbable rally Cubs 0-6 top closer comes in and immediately strikes out The are two outs away. Email from Don Stuck in without a functioning What to Get on and find your coverage. much like the early days of radio coverage when one had to wait while the announcer recreated the sounds of the bat and ball and the crowd for the kind be every game of the World Series here at the hopefully stick with that goes for everybody reading right now. hold we still have half an inning left here. Cubs 0-6 bottom grounds out and the inning finally ends. Cubs 0-6 bottom the one time I praise one of moves. LITERALLY THE ONLY TIME THIS and it goes COMPLETELY WRONG. hits a double off of Ratings in start to plummet. Cubs 0-6 bottom Hector is up here to face done no I just realized. gets into a 1-2 then wastes a pitch and then throws a hanging breaking ball and HITS HIS SECOND HOME RUN OF THE Cubs 0-3 bottom is up with one two out. falls behind him 2-0. Yeah this is the I remember. He lines the next pitch over the guess we have a pitching although in this in the right to make a move here. Cubs 0-3 bottom Guyer. falls him 2-0 but Guyer swings through the next two pitches to even the count. Guyer checks his swing and a full count now. misses up high with his next pitch and Guyer takes his base. Cubs 0-3 bottom hits a routine two down. Cubs 0-3 bottom is still out there. imagine if the game were be someone else up. Also is to come up with another Uh is ready to hit a soul never nobody on base to move any he strikes out badly on a unchecked swing on a 2-2 count. Not so getting a tad loopy here. Cubs 0-3 bottom the good news for is that probably not going to be available to for for more than an inning in Game 2. not nothing. It feels like might have leaned too heavily on his best but he knows the old that win Game 1 of the World factoid. Cubs 0-3 top gets ahead 2-1. next swings for the fences and comes up empty. 2-2. And on the very next STRIKES leaves the mound to a huge ovation. Cubs 0-3 top with a sharp is at third. The tying run is up to the plate once again. stopped you have to admire that. Cubs 0-3 top is up. Miller gets ahead of him 1-2. The crowd starts to get loud again. Every two strike count with Miller is an event. next pitch is a ball. 2-2. fouls off the next pitch. Still 2-2. next a slider just off the gets called for a crowd like but it did break. swings at the next pitch but he quite get a good swing at it and it ends up just being a that eventually tracks down. thrown 38 pitches already. Cubs 0-3 top works a full count against getting him to throw as many pitches as possible might be the best strategy for the Cubs at this he takes ball four. Cubs 0-3 top is back for his last inning one would assume. is up in the bullpen. He gets Fowler to line out. To is feeling good about a team called the winning in hopefully their own fans are even a little bit definitely a conversation to be had about the one that I imagine will only be amplified over the course of the serious. It should be in my opinion. Cubs 0-3 bottom keeps in the game to face falls behind 2-0 before getting a strike call on a nifty 2-1. He throws another curve and gets to ground out. Cubs 0-3 bottom were the producer of there would have been 300 on that now we have who I remember as sucking pretty bad. confirms my memory by hitting a rocketing double off of him. Cubs 0-3 bottom Wood is in to face with one out and nobody on. He induces a and once again. What did I tell Email from D. after the top of the my feelings as a cub of well shit... Cubs 0-3 bottom the maddening has begun. Strop gets to pop out to second and brings out a new reliever. going to somehow see the entire Cubs bullpen over the next and is doing the catching now and is in right. Miller might be the only player who was both with the and the Red that fans of both teams still like equally. Cubs 0-3 top is up with a chance for a storybook moment and he gets a 3-1 count with the bases loaded. He takes the next pitch. And a 3-2 count now. This is the biggest pitch of the game right attempts to check his swing on strike three HE two straight strikeouts from Miller did I tell and the Cubs load the bases with nobody out and push a run feels like the game. please keep Cubs 0-3 top strikes out on three pitches. The Cubs score on an out now. Cubs 0-3 top is for He flies out but not enough to score the runner from third. one out. Miller is two strikeouts or one double play away of getting out of the jam. first option is more likely with Cubs 0-3 top is up next with two hitters on and nobody out. He immediately falls behind 0-2. swings and fouls off the next pitch. It really looks like lunging and think Miller would be able to exploit that and put him away here rather lines a single and the bases are loaded and nobody out. Wow did this dynamic just change dramatically in the span of a few batters. Cubs 0-3 top who has been frighteningly throughout this is up to face What a welcome back to the major leagues this has to from to actually works a full count which should be as good as a solid base hit. And in he takes a walk on ball four. The tying run is now at the plate. Den S. has immediately transported me into a Brothers routine with this email and I honestly am completely down with What is difficult about saying Strop is the first reliever to play in this World Cubs 0-3 top from Do you really think will play 3 times this Try and do a and make a long relief If so do you think be as honestly. Part of the reason Miller is warming up here is that would like to use on short rest for a potential Game 4. But he is back to start the top of the 7th where he immediately allows to hit a a single and the end of night. Here comes Miller. Cubs 0-3 bottom Strop time in the ends up being the first reliever used in this World which is something not everybody can say. going to be facing Who he strikes say he did the job. Cubs 0-3 bottom flies out to left and that will do it for inning. is taking him out. into the everybody. Cubs 0-3 bottom Guyer going to be bunting with a runner on second with nobody He might not get a he takes two there is stirring in the bullpen. Lester might not be long here. It might depend on this throws a strike. 2-1. Guyer swings away at the next pitch. 2-2. This has taken a turn. think bunting now. Guyer takes a pitch on the corner for a strike. Cubs 0-3 bottom back up. He been really just that first inning where he came close to unraveling. Why do I keep saying things like that. hits a double off of him the second I finish that sentence. years ago I beat I walked my 2 pugs while wearing a Life comes at you 2016 Cubs 0-3 top is to see if he can do anything. On 1-1 he swings wildly at a pitch like not even sure it occupies the same dimension as he does. On get the call. pops up and it for this maybe for this Miller has been throwing with purpose. It would unorthodox to pull the way been pitching been unorthodox with his bullpen use all long. Cubs 0-3 top who falls behind 0-2. a real good hitter it feels necessary to point that out. throws a ball and then gets to swing on a breaking ball that he just pops up. out two.
J. election victory was powered in part by forceful opposition to what he described as an economic and political system rigged against the people for the benefit of shadowy forces in the news the banks and the government. Trump and his allies often describe that system with one globalism. It is a word that conjures many none of them shuttered unchecked immigration and a distant cabal believers controls the economy and the media. Analysts who track extremist groups in the United States have expressed alarm at the use of the word by the They say it carries multiple meanings from benign to sinister and often serves as a for and conspiracy theorists. is a principle driver for the fears that animate the radical right in the United said the editor of a published by the Southern Poverty Law Center. is the Globalism is often used as a synonym for the system of global economic interconnection that has been critiqued for decades by liberal groups like labor environmental organizations and opponents of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. But for the far the term encapsulates a conspiratorial based on xenophobia and according to Mark a researcher at the League. a host on the media site Rebel explicitly rejected its use as a synonym for in a video she posted in She said the word meant rule by autocrats such as President former President W. Bush and the United Nations who value false flag of and immigration from the third almost always sneer down their nose at disdain national laugh at religion and generally despise the West while holding a creepy affection for the third she added. want open cheap labor and to benefit their business and political and are all too willing to shaft the little people to achieve the website run by K. newly appointed chief White House frequently attacked globalism and during tenure there. But no one may have done more to popularize the idea of a globalist conspiracy than a radio host who commands an audience of millions through his media empire. He has been called most prolific conspiracy theorist in contemporary by the Southern Poverty Law Center. Among his the Sandy Hook school massacre in was a hoax and the Sept. 11 terror attacks were an inside job. posted his own definition of globalism to in 2014. In his trademark he described it as a digital control engineered by shadowy corporate and political elites. He called it total form of The who has enthusiastically supported hailed the Republican as a historical figure. who appeared on his show last has in turn heaped praise upon reputation is Trump said. will not let you down. You will be very I hope. And I think be speaking a So what is Trump talking about when he talks about His Hope provided a definition in an email before the election last groups in the United States began to refer to globalism at the end of the Cold when it replaced communism as an idea that was an danger to the said. They have also referred to it as the New World and soon they saw its tentacles everywhere. The shape of that conspiracy had distinctly in part because many of foes had historically seen communism as inextricably linked to said. Members of the far right became fixated on prominent like the businessman and philanthropist Those conspiratorial beliefs were bolstered when former President Bush celebrated the end of the Cold War in a 1991 speech by saying it was the dawn of a world His use of the phrase was taken as proof by many that a globalist conspiracy really was afoot. was very easy for especially because he was the one who said to take that ball and run with said. that point the phrase became the short hand for that kind of globalism conspiracy The multiple meanings have made it a powerful political and and his frequent references to globalism have drawn in a wide and varied audience. is a very efficient net to unite disparate parts of the from the mainstream to the said the director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at State Professor called globalism defining folklore and narrative for the racist but said it had also a convenient to explain the various declines that the United States is perceived to be Globalism was an important theme in the final weeks of for when he told a rally in in that his opponent for the had sat at the heart of a conspiracy with international bankers plot the destruction of The League criticized the speech for classic Conspiratorial talk has continued after the election. Trump referred to a plot against him again last when he complained on Twitter that protests were the work of the news media and paid protesters. a Trump ally and host on Fox Business later accused of Many on the far right have celebrated election victory as a momentous blow against the globalist conspiracy. Last claimed on that Trump had called him personally to thank him and his audience for their support and to offer to appear on his show again soon. Ms. the Trump did not reply to an email seeking comment late night. then pivoted to what he thought was most the coming destruction of globalists that hijacked the primarily the news media and international business people. Soon they would be destroyed once and for he suggested. is battling back to restore humanity and to break the he said. not gonna be any dtente. We know and just here to let you know
For four days in a closed lanes and caused chaos for thousands of commuters trying to navigate the the busiest road crossing in the US. former allies convicted for New Jersey lane closures Read gridlock the New Jersey town of Fort which sits just across the from upper Democratic mayor of Fort Mark had declined to support the Republican in his bid for months leaked emails appeared to reveal that three senior aides to the governor had plotted to create the traffic chaos as a way to punish the past two months in federal court in the case against two former chief of staff and Bill a appointee to the Port Authority of New and New has painted a fascinating picture of life inside the administration. On and were found guilty on all the most serious of which carry up to 20 years in prison. Sentencing was scheduled for 21 was never formally identified by the governor cast a long shadow over proceedings which put his claims to have known nothing about the scheme under scrutiny. Here are 10 things we learned from the Political payback is always apt to Jersey politics may be brutal and but even here political payback schemes are apt to backfire. The fallout from derailed both presidential ambitions and his chances of joining the Trump ticket. With one year left in and term limits preventing him from running for not clear what he will do next. 2 It can also be the jury verdict Bill a suave former state senator who was tapped by to be deputy executive director of the Port Authority of New and New and the former deputy chief of could now face up to 20 years in a federal prison. 3 Wally Edge was on to the key witness and the acknowledged architect of the once wrote a column for a political website about actions by New Jersey politicians under the pseudonym The column now appears to have offered accurate insight into the motivations of the administration. 4 for some traffic problems in Fort wrote to a month before the plan was carried out. responded. In claimed meant The jury buy it. 5 allies were intensely attorney said description of meant precisely that. were not about a traffic he said. are a direct view into minds of the argued that and shared intense to the political success of and they could use their political positions to execute a malicious scheme to punish a local He was a cruel and callous 6 was a slick political email by produced in court said the administration considered the Port Authority a to distribute money and jobs. testified that he was hired be the to push agenda. it was good for then it was good for he said. In Mayor described the political seduction mounted by and his aides. He was invited to New Giants games in the private box at to lunch at the on trips to Ground Zero in to holiday parties. also described being offered seats for budget apologies need to be news of an alleged plot and surfaced in early offered a televised in which he denied any knowledge of the events and pronounced himself by the abject of his aides. 8 The buy and neither do who named head of his transition team in the event of a presidential election thinks the governor knew what was going on. knew about the billionaire said at a campaign rally in South in 2015. totally knew about According to a new survey from just of registered voters in New Jersey approve of performance as governor. believe there is ample evidence knew about the lane Jersey turns on its governor after bridge fiasco threatens his ambitions Read Sopranos references are local Jersey one Fort Lee resident told the Guardian in a connection. a local Jersey thing. big guys who talk a lot about respect. You could say the fictional Tony Soprano paved the way for Governor Another would have more respect for him if he had I knew about it. It was a But now he just looks like a liar who even have control of his own This is not the the convictions of and the legal drama is unlikely to end here. Judge instructed jurors that they could find the two defendants guilty of conspiracy without determining if the pair intentionally wanted to punish an instruction that effectively gutted the lawyers for and claimed before the verdict. They also vowed to appeal. 
Privacy human rights campaigners and former US security officials have expressed fears over the prospect of Trump controlling the vast global US and surveillance administration for being too complacent after the 2013 revelations by the and making only modest concessions to privacy concerns rather than carrying out major legislative changes. The concern comes after dismissed fears for his safety if who called him spy who has caused great damage in the was to strike a deal with to have him in a video from with a tech company on said it would be to the prospect of Trump doing a deal but if personal safety was a major concern for he would not have leaked the documents in the first wanted by the US on charges under the Espionage found asylum in in 2013 but his visa is due to expire in Privacy and human rights campaigners in the US and say a Trump presidency will tip the balance between surveillance and privacy decisively towards the former. The surveillance agency is so tied up with often doing work on its it could find itself facing a series of ethical the campaign Trump made an ambiguous remark about wishing he had access to surveillance powers. wish I had that he said while talking about the hack of Democratic National Committee emails. that would be administration introduced a few modest concessions to the privacy lobby following he left the rest of the surveillance apparatus untouched. His approach has been to offer a modicum of much of it forced on him by the in place of national security officials prepare for major shift in US policy Read White which would not comment for this has no evident regrets about that approach. The administration believes it has set an appropriate balance between intelligence authorities and civil and expressed confidence in intelligence professionals who will continue to serve in the and under Trump to act others are less convinced. have been some people who were complacent about things like drone killing of US civilians and mass surveillance under because they trusted him. That neglect on their part is about to come back and possibly bite all of us in the said Nick the executive director of the Calyx a technology focused research group that promotes encryption lawyer who works for the Civil Liberties danger of the aggregation of executive power we have seen over the last decade is that we might have an executive who is not worthy of that trust. This has been a trend in the US but there has been a weakening of constitutional oversight during the growth of the national security think many are waking up to the fact we have created a presidency that is too a former state department official who became a reluctant in warning of and Bush could have set the best possible privacy protections in but the trouble all set by executive not Trump could revise the executive order as he pleases. And since all done in unless you have someone willing to break the law to tell you that it not clear the public will ever learn it did. Consider that even the people still do not know how much data on US persons the actually an who predated offered an equally bleak assessment. He electronic infrastructure is fully in place and ex post facto by Congress and executive orders and ripe for further abuse under an president. History is just not kind here. Trump leans quite autocratic. The temptations to use secret surveillance some still not fully will present themselves to him as specific surveillance measure Trump proposed on the campaign trail was mosques and keeping a database of grave concern we have is that his rhetoric is going to be perceived in some corners as a green light for unfettered surveillance activities. Our concern is not just about the but also the The exactly have a great record over the last 15 said the president and executive director of the civil rights group next over the powers will come late in when a major surveillance law permitting collection of international communications is set for the legal basis for the Prism which siphons information from the technology giants. Twitter What will be the first actions Trump takes as government has made even fewer concessions to privacy campaigners than the US. The parliament has passed the investigatory powers due to receive royal assent that basically the illegal activities exposed by in where public support for is at its parliament last month approved legislation that ostensibly increases oversight of intelligence agencies but which privacy campaigners claim expands their powers. executive director of the Open Rights said the and worked closely together. that the operations are nearly it makes it incredibly hard for the to resist using our resources for risky or even human rights abuses election ought to remove the complacency have been suffering a human rights people should be especially the and act so and intelligence is shared so that any increase in surveillance under Trump will undeniably touch upon the privacy of to documents released by now years out of date as technological advancements have the vacuums daily records just of cellphone locations. In it was collecting an average of text messages every its partnership with it has access among other including pornographic material. collected such imagery from 1.8 million Yahoo users in a period in 2008. 
campaign officials have dismissed a poll suggesting that Trump may have taken the lead in the final days before insisting they see no evidence of a negative impact from new email polls tighten but turnout is the real key to v Trump Read as flew to for a whirlwind series of campaign a senior campaign official conceded there was a tightening in the polls but only what they had already expected would happen after the debates by reporters on the campaign plane to respond specifically to a new Post tracking poll which put Trump one point the aide described it as not what we see at said the official. seems to be something about that model that seems odd. The race has tightened the way that we thought it would but we do not see anything that would suggest new tracking is also dispute the findings of several polls since that the letter from the saying his staff were examining emails that may be related to the previous investigation into private email server has had a negative marginal affect on voter enthusiasm for the Democratic do not see any evidence that the story has had an said the aide. seen anecdotal evidence about turnout and our voter volunteer that suggests that if anything it has encouraged our is not expected to address the email question again on during her three scheduled events in but aides defended her decision to begin two speeches in on raising the issue. it is something that has got a lot of attention in the last few so we did think it was important for her to the focus in is expected to be on reminding voters how much is at stake in next is no state that is more important and we think it is a state that she will win and Trump has to said the aide. she wins that will put her over the Twitter Why does the US vote for president on should also brace for a deluge of new advertising as the campaign spends its remaining money on television commercials across the see us back on the air in a lot of states over the last week or said the who agreed only to speak anonymously to reporters on the plane. been able to raise a lot of money and the last week to spend it. So see us spending in a lot of states where we in a rally in renewed his attacks on over the email investigation. He warned the crowd of thousands that if his rival were elected would create an unprecedented constitutional crisis and the work of government would grind to an He also reminded voters in the Badger State that they can change their ballots if they have already voted absentee and now feel bad case of event carried all the trappings of a normal presidential rally as Republican elected officials like Senator facing an uphill fight for and Governor Walker appeared with their nominee. It marked the first time that who is considered an underdog in his Senate bid against former Senator appeared at an event with Republican nominee also unveiled his closing ad on entitled Choice. It cast the election as referendum between staying the road to with or getting change waiting with elections 
Since 2008 I have had five insurance policies with Domestic General to cover all my kitchen appliances. I currently pay a month. In I reported that my integrated freezer was and six days later an engineer called. He could not rectify the and said he had ordered a part that another engineer would fit. Eight days later he only to say that the freezer in not repairable and that he would have to order a replacement. That was delivered a week but it was too big. Since then I have been chasing on a daily basis and all I get is an automated response sent in the middle of the night or early morning. I was told by the product placement team that they could not source a freezer that would fit and offered so I could buy a suitable one myself. If I phoned again I suppose I would have been has been going on for six weeks and I have never received a telephone call from an apology or explanation for the appalling service. On one occasion staff hung up on me when I told them their customer service title was an oxymoron I think she thought I was calling her a moron. The service has been terrible is this You are far from alone in complaining about Domestic General we have been getting many letters along these lines in the past few lack of promised seems to be a recurring complaint. Maybe the company does not employ enough General sincerely for the inconvenience caused to We take great pride in providing the best possible service to our customers and that we fell short on this has agreed to pay you an extra compensation to cover the delivery charge and for the failed I would strongly urge you and other customers to consider whether these products offer good were spending a month which may not sound too bad until you consider that is more than a year. White goods are so much cheaper now that almost all of us would be better off sticking some money in a savings account and repairing or replacing goods as welcome letters but cannot answer individually. Email us at or write to Consumer the 90 Please include a daytime phone 
the Green presidential is preparing to request recounts of the election result in several key battleground launched an page seeking donations toward a fund she said was needed to request reviews of the results in and drive has already raised more than which the campaign said would enable it to file for recounts in on and on Stein to formally file for recount as effort nears Read page said it expected to need around to challenge the results in all three said she was acting due to evidence of voting and that data analysis had indicated discrepancies in vote that were released by state authorities. concerns need to be investigated before the 2016 presidential election is she said in a statement. deserve elections we can move came amid growing calls for recounts or audits of the election results by groups of academics and activists concerned that foreign hackers may have interfered with election systems. The concerned groups have been urging the defeated Democratic to join their Trump won unexpected and narrow victories against in and earlier this month and may yet win where a final result has not yet been declared. Vote margins in and and her campaign made clear they were acting because they wanted to ensure the election results were rather than because they thought she had actually won any of the contests. Several states allow any candidate who was on the ballot to request a is the deadline for requesting a recount in where winning margin stands at In where his margin is the deadline falls on In where the Trump lead is currently just the deadline is 30 Guardian previously disclosed that a loose coalition of academics and activists concerned about the security is preparing to deliver a report detailing its concerns to congressional committee chairs and federal authorities early next according to two people interested in verifying the said an adviser to the US election assistance commission and expert on electronic voting. need to have ballot is understood to have contributed analysis to the effort but declined to the precise nature of her second group of led by the National Voting Rights Institute founder John and Professor the director of the University of center for computer security and is also taking part in the push for a a on said paper ballots and voting equipment should be examined in and nobody is ever going to examine that evidence unless candidates in those states act in the next several to petition for he defeat to Trump followed the release by US intelligence agencies of public assessments that hackers were behind intrusions into regional electoral computer systems and the theft of emails from Democratic officials before the about has on apparently disproportionate wins that were racked up by Trump in counties using electronic voting compared with those that used only paper of the voting machines that are in operation in some counties has been banned in other including after security analysts repeatedly showed how easily they could be hacked the polling expert and founder of cast doubt over the stating that the difference disappeared after race and education which most closely tracked voting shifts were controlled and several other election analysts have dismissed suggestions that the vote counts give cause for concern about the integrity of the dozens of professors in defense and elections have in the past two days signed an open letter to congressional leaders stating that they are by previous reports of foreign and requesting swift action by country needs a public congressional investigation into the role that foreign powers played in the months leading up to the academics said in their while noting they did not mean to the of the election legislators including Senator Graham of South and Congressman of have already called for deeper inquiries into the full extent of interference with the election to contact the Guardian securely Read announcement by who had previously been hesitant to get also shields Democratic operatives and people who worked on bid for the White House from needing to overtly challenge the senior Democrats are known to be reluctant to suggest there were irregularities in the result because and her team Trump so sharply during the campaign for claiming that the election would be against others have spoken including the sister of closest aide. shift of just 55,000 Trump votes to in MI is all that is needed to said on urging people to call the US justice department to request an a former Democratic National Committee consultant who during the campaign investigated links between and then campaign manager is also participating in the attempt to secure recounts or person who received the most votes free from interference or tampering needs to be in the White said may well be but further due diligence is required to ensure that democracy is not a joint statement issued last the office of the director of national intelligence and the Department for Homeland Security said they were that the theft of emails from the and from campaign John which were published by was directed by the states have also recently seen scanning and probing of their which in most cases originated from servers operated by a the statement went on. we are not now in a position to attribute this activity to the elections 
dominant lead over Trump in opinion polls is narrowing slightly as the final week before the US presidential election with independents and undecided voters appearing to gravitate toward the two main few analysts believe the latest numbers will disprove almost universal predictions of a Democratic win on 8 even despite the news that the is investigating emails sent by via a personal server they also highlight unusually large spreads between poll results in an election that has broken many of the conventional laws of private email server under investigation by again Read rolling average of national opinion polls calculated by Real Clear Politics showed a 4.4 percentage point lead for over Trump on with libertarian and Green candidate Stein dropping to their lowest levels since polling for the 2016 election days after struggling in the first two presidential debates and still fending off damaging allegations of sexual Trump was 7.1 points behind in the same rolling average of national though much of his gain since appears to have been at the expense of rather than tightening of the race has prompted some analysts to somewhat adjust upward their predictions of how likely it is that Trump could pull off a surprise win. who runs website and correctly predicted the 2012 says his modeling of poll numbers and wider historical trends suggests the Republican now has around a one in five chance of winning up from the lows seen during the debates but still down sharply from the near even chance he had based just on polls earlier in the signs now of a tighter as Trump has inched up to in our forecast in he wrote on Silver acknowledged that the wide disparity among pollsters about the size of lead which has ranged from 1 to 14 points in recent days is but argued that that is a healthy reflection of different methodologies. Analysis at the state level continues to show a difficult path to the required 270 electoral college votes for particularly as the 17 million votes cast already in early voting point to an unusually strong Democratic turnout in such as and To turn things around in the barely 270 hours Trump would need to hold on to Republican states like and where his support has been win the crucial battlegrounds of and North and pull off a surprise in swing state like New or all of which appeared to have slipped out of his grasp in recent both candidates head to next practically unknown territory for a Democratic presidential nominee before a frantic final 10 days of there were signs of the strain for continued to call on his supporters to disregard the evidence of poor poll numbers and watch for been saying we win I want to be but the people are getting angry at me so just say we win on he told a rally in also should just cancel the election and give it to after hinting that the opening of his new hotel in was a sign he would get to Avenue way or this his running mate Mike Pence had a narrow escape when his plane skidded off the runway in heavy rain at New airport on meanwhile continues to show much more confidence in her even though Democrats are warning supporters not to take anything for granted in the final circulated widely in on that she was considering asking the current to be her secretary of a suggestion that will help both shore up support among the populist base and signal her intention to look beyond 8 also received a welcome boost on from the first who has emerged as one of the most popular political figures of the 2016 election cycle. she said after a joint appearance in North elections 
A group of refugees including a couple with four young children detained in Turkey say they were tricked into being deported from last month without having their asylum claims the first case of its kind since the start of the migration at least eight were allegedly sent back to Turkey in despite lodging asylum claims in The allegations weaken the legal basis for the which was reached in March on the assumption that all refugees arriving in would have access to a fair asylum to documents shared by the applicants with the the refugees were initially given the chance to apply for asylum after landing in on 9 11 days before their applications were fully they say they were tricked by and officials into returning to Turkey. of the everyday humiliation of refugees stuck in Read never knew I was to deported to said a from who arrived in with his wife and four all aged under police told his family that they were being flown to the mainland. policemen said leave your get your we will take you to a police station for the night and tomorrow morning to said by phone from a detention camp in southern Turkey called boarding a plane with officials from the government and the border the say they were not provided with any further information. The first time they had any inkling that they were being deported against their will was on arrival at we arrived and saw the flag we were said trusted the police but they tricked us and I have any idea nearly a fortnight they have been detained in are in a very bad a second from a different family said by telephone from the camp. children are all very the little ones have breathing problems. Please help of the are from the town that was briefly the of western attention after it was largely destroyed in battles with destroyed and riddled with unexploded but its residents dare to dream of a new start Read an emailed the government said it was examining the claims. A spokesperson confirmed that officials were the but said could not be blamed for any mistakes. return decisions are issued by the national said the spokesperson. role is to provide means of trained translators and medical refugee agency says it is concerned by the situation. Amnesty International fears the case could be part of a wider attempt to remove from any in contravention of and international law. The coupled with the closure of a humanitarian corridor through the has seen migration flows to eastern fall drastically since March. But and officials are worried that the numbers may surge again if too few refugees are deported back to director for is at best and at worst a cynical attempt by under pressure from the to remove refugees from the country at any cost. It needs to be urgently the refugees permitted to return to and their relocation to other member states these are the first to be allegedly deported without recourse to the asylum process since the at least 12 people of other nationalities are believed to have been deported by mistake in 12 were never allowed to return to but the currently detained in still dream of being given a second chance. there any hope that we can return to one asked in a recent text are not at mortal risk in which houses more refugees than any other country. But they are not given the rights they are allowed under international law. Despite recent legislative the vast majority still do not have the right to and hundreds of thousands of children have no access to 
I am getting my son a new laptop for My budget is around He is adamant that he wants a HP laptop he be lugging it anywhere but also been looking at Dell and My question Can I my purchase to take him through his to or should I just go for an laptop with the view of replacing it in a couple of usage will be mostly be web browsing and watching videos. From my searches of various forums and I think my basic requirements would be a Core and storage. any of laptops are and the number gets smaller all the time. When laptops cost to it makes sense to provide upgrade options. When they cost around to people generally replace them rather than upgrade them. People also replace fitness digital compact digital cameras and other gadgets in the same price people who are buying laptops are usually looking for the best possible performance for video design and similar applications. They want to be able to upgrade their systems every year or so to improve performance and save which usually saves money. Typical upgrades include more better graphics cards and bigger IT departments may also look for upgradeable laptops because they are simpler to maintain. Large companies will buy hundreds or even thousands of identical machines because it means they have to stock a lot of spares to do running repairs. They can also broken machines to keep their fleets running. The Dell Latitude which I reviewed at is a good but out of your price laptops are designed to be lighter and so memory and storage chips are often soldered directly to the motherboard. They have removable backs or because companies want users messing around you want to know if a laptop can be try two things. check website to see if it offers memory or upgrades for that specific model. search for and download the service manual in format. This will describe how to change parts that are exception is which makes laptops that can be assembled and by resellers such as Specialist Ltd in the sells laptops under its own brand Many buyers are gamers looking for or but you could get a III within your base III costs with an processor and of memory. Upgrading to an Core of memory and 750 while downgrading the optical drive to a pushes the price up to Upgrading the standard 1366 x screen to a much better 1920 x screen would add you can get an upgradeable laptop with the spec you want for which is a bit more than your but includes a warranty. You could get it under budget by switching to a Core which brings it down to III can handle a Core of a and a so there are plenty of upgrade though you should discuss these with Specialist before your son is not going to need any unless he starts doing some serious gaming or Windows 10 and Office free to most are relatively lightweight and processors have no problems playing and you actually need do you have room for a desktop or an Desktop tower systems are far easier to upgrade or repair than laptops. You can easily change your desktop upgrade the graphics add numerous or even change the motherboard the systems are usually faster because the processor have to run in a confined space or use low power to extend battery life. They also last I bought my last desktops in 2005 and and I expect the latter to last at least another three years or also have ergonomic advantages over and bigger though most of them are not easy to upgrade. See my earlier which should I buy for home laptop laptop that most closely matches your request is the HP Pavilion which is going for at though you may be able to find it elsewhere. This has a Core of memory and a Its main drawback is its limited 1366 x though not untypical for this class of Pavilion but you probably need to upgrade it. Many university students and business users still have laptops with of memory and conventional hard and very few users have more than Many casual users only have who spends on a HP will also get a Core of memory and although the has other advantages. For it has a much better 1920 x touch and a thinner and more stylish design. What it do is run Word noticeably your HP Pavilion 15 will need replacing has less to do with the specification than its and how well looked after. Careless kids can destroy a laptop such as this in a by repeatedly picking it up by the screen which breaks the hinges or dropping it on a hard floor. If properly cared a Core laptop should survive and university lots of cheaper options. For some see my recent Which laptop should I buy my Cheap laptops typically have much slower only of memory and rotating hard so they are not necessarily better value. a machine such as an with a Core of memory and hard drive would be powerful enough for most you want to consider a disposable look at the HP Pavilion detachable. This has a Atom of memory and of Flash memory for Try to avoid models with of storage because Windows 10 is probably going to be twice a Pavilion is an that doubles as a has a usable keyboard and feels durable for the price. my first thought when anyone asks for a cheap computer for a you got a Email it to 
The number of articles discussing the teaching excellence framework now easily eclipses the official government documentation describing it. People are bashing praising arguing about the metrics it and prophesying about how it will shake up higher education for good. university reporters and government officials are all weighing in. Everyone has something to say about how the will change student life for better or it except the undergraduate students it is supposed to benefit. Stand at the lectern in any lecture hall and ask the assembled students what the is. I doubt many will some would argue that student voice is through the National Union of Students and who did respond to the consultation. But these rightly or have condemned the higher education bill and the outright because they see it as a back door to higher fees. The NUS are threatening a boycott and spoiling of the National Student Survey key as a protest. They recently have won some concessions in the Higher Education but the is going ahead a survey revealing that students are not very enthusiastic about the they do care deeply about quality teaching. University found that out in 2013 when they tried to sack an lecturer who was loved by students and had won teaching awards. found the same thing when its open day was disrupted by angry students who when it rejected a masters program on whiteness led by and ended his contract. Students write passionate reviews of staff for awards entries. Others fill in module feedback forms with enthusiasm and constructive criticism. I know this as a postgraduate teaching assistant. If you give students a platform to tell their they will use you want to learn about the problems of student satisfaction in the era of ask Laura a former graphics student from she can tell you exactly what was wrong with her course. Or student Laura who detailed the shortcomings of the 2015 What about studying at an institution consistently ranked highly for student For this metric deceived him the abstract discussion of retention graduate employment and are human stories that can richly describe what happens when university teaching up to scratch. This is the expert knowledge that the should put at the forefront of any metric it uses. But apart from the Higher Education Council Funding for England tinkering with the the give students a place to get their views into the metrics. students are struggling to get their voices heard through the current channels. no surprise that version of is gaining popularity and the political stance of the questioning if they about students. But these sites designed to improve designed to showcase excellent schooling and expose bad practice. I seen a video of teaching staff reading their reviews but I imagine be fairly similar to those from the surprise and dismay from staff as students lash we like it or the is and the government should be applauded for addressing the problem of quality teaching in universities. But if the is about ensuring the best quality then the customer reviewing the product needs to be taken more how do we give students a platform that The United Kingdom Engagement Survey is a but it capture everyday experience. The Department for Education and universities should develop a feedback in collaboration with current that future students could regularly contribute identifying weaknesses in teaching and offering strategies for improvement. Students could then give a single set of numerical scores measuring quality and response to feedback that feed directly into providing a regular student appraisal of departmental excellence. This system be and numbers cannot completely convey the depth of student but it would be a start. Whatever is it should be done in conjunction with the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education 
Trump has disavowed the white nationalist movement which dubs itself the and which rallied around his but vigorously defended his former campaign chairman and newly appointed White House chief a man accused of fanning the flames of white want to energize the and I disavow the Trump said at a meeting with a group of New Times in response to a question from the executive Dean if they are energized I want to look into it and find out Trump said. Twitter the strategist behind travel selection of the executive chairman of the website News deepened the fears of liberal activists that the Trump administration would embolden and enable racists and misogynists of the known a long time. If I thought he was a racist or or any of the the terms we could I even think about hiring said Trump on according to journalists in is just a publication. They cover stories like you cover stories. They are certainly a much more conservative to put it than the New Times. But really is a news organization that has become quite successful. got and it does cover subjects on the but it covers subjects on the left also. a pretty big said according to a tweet from Times political reporter Twitter Demonstrators in New protest appointment of executive chairman of the website as his chief strategist. M Times journalists also quizzed Trump on his commitment to free the first amendment of the constitution. think be he billed as a lunchtime discussion between New Times journalists and five members of the Trump campaign including the was contentious from its inception. Hours before the meeting was scheduled to the abruptly canceled claiming on Twitter that the which he called and had changed the and of the meeting. The newspaper confirmed the meeting was back on just hours J. Trump today's meeting with the failing when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not meeting was attended by 23 editors and columnists and four members of campaign team. It covered topics ranging from what Trump perceives as the treatment of to the roles his children and business will play in his to and climate who tweeted in 2012 that global warming was a hoax by and for the in order to harm US acknowledged on that climate change had connection to human think there is some connectivity. something. It depends on how he according to tweets from reporters. He also added he was concerned about climate change mitigation and much it will cost our climate Trump says he now has an about accord Read asked if Trump plans to withdraw from international climate such as the he looking at it very closely. I have an open mind to also altered his stance on his former rival Despite having regularly referred to as a criminal who deserved jail time during his a notion echoed by chants of her during his Trump confirmed he does not intend to jail for her use of a private email server during her time as secretary of inclination would be for whatever power I have on the matter is to say go forward. This has been looked at for so ad said the up be very divisive for the said according to reporters in was also quizzed by editors and reporters about his own conflicts of interest with his a large real estate totally on my the president have a conflict of said according to political reporter theory I could run my business perfectly and then run the country perfectly. never been a case like said noting that he is delegating the running to his children in order to focus on the far 
A sensational new message has emerged from the disgraced former head of athletics in which he alleges the covered up potential doping violations by a documentary alleging a welter of new claims about corruption and style at the International Association of Athletics Federations under its former president which is due to be broadcast on night as part of a joint investigation with the newspaper the investigative journalist has uncovered evidence that senior figures at world governing body deliberately ignored suspicious blood tests for at least six top athletes since 2011. The makers are also publishing a message from the former head of the federation banned for life by the ethics commission dating from in which he threatens unnamed officials with blowing the whistle on the we after conspiracy you decided to play and in accordance with rules. It is your choice but we are confident this is not a wise warned are the envy of the nobody does it Read a coded threat to the officials concerned he will not remain silent. It was not us who started this game. It was the project and the shall be the key victim of future So it would with the World independent commission report of 2015 outlining the scale of the corruption and by a alternative governance system that included Papa The ethics commission later banned the distance coach and Papa from athletics for life. Last week the court of arbitration for sport heard appeals from all three the message published by and the broadcaster which the Guardian has independently established as the claims to have been shown a list by that included we found there some prominent athletes including champion and icon of the sports Our question is why did not the to require from Athletics to sanction these it sure that this question will be asked in our explanations and the names of the athletes who were under Athlete Biological Passport investigation will also be disclosed. We demand fair and transparent public procedure in regard of all athletes with the alleged is no suggestion that the inclusion of athletes on the list is an indication of wrongdoing or that they are responsible for their names being on response the athletics governing body Athletics has no knowledge of any of the allegations made by in his email of 2014 published today. We will of course fully with any inquiry we might receive from the authorities on the claims that in addition to the marathon runner whose case brought down the house of cards at the top of the when it emerged she had been blackmailed in return for covering up a positive five more names are revealed for the first time. The independent commission report mentioned the existence of more athletes but did not name to the ethics the blackmail operation foundered only when asked for a refund on part of the bribe she and her agent had paid the cabal after she was ultimately sanctioned five who are also alleged by to have had positive tests covered up for money were the walkers and the steeplechase runner to the six individuals are part of a list of 23 athletes believed to be whose names appear in a document in connection with doping alleges that wired to It quotes responding to the no point was there any talk of payments by athletes. I would never have asked an athlete for money or taken money from one and the same goes for If I had to ask a for I would go to and investigation is based on documents that are now in the possession of the prosecutors pursuing cases against his lawyer his son Papa and week appeared in court in facing the threat of prison because he had not posted his entire bail. it is understood the full amount has now been and have denied any said it was unable to comment while the investigation was in progress. A spokeswoman cannot comment on the specifics of the article whilst the criminal investigation is under way. It is clear we all need to get to the bottom of what has which is what the criminal investigation is and we continue to assist them as required. We are taking bold steps to safeguard the sport in the future with the reforms we are introducing including setting up the integrity unit and disciplinary ethics committee investigation into Nick the former man of the vice president during tenure over whether took payments from is also continuing. now the has insisted he had no knowledge of any corruption during the period in question. Next he will present his reform to the council as he attempts to move on from the team at the 2008 look set to be upgraded to a belated bronze medal after the athlete was given a retrospective ban after her urine samples from the Games were retested. who was in the quartet that came fourth in the and also ran the was one of seven athletes from and 2012 to be banned following by the International disqualification means that team of and Sanders should be moved up to having initially finished because who came second were previously banned for doping in 
Sitting in the third row of a small Ms. wiped away tears of joy as her sister exchanged wedding vows with her new husband. A few feet Ms. partner stood maintaining their public charade of being just friends. Ms. who asked that her full name not be disclosed because she had yet to come out as gay said she would feel more comfortable holding her hand or embracing her in a society that did not view their way of life as out of the ordinary. we could realize marriage equality in people in our situation could lead fuller she said. That day could be coming although it is not assured. Bills that would legalize marriage are moving through legislative bringing the island closer to becoming the first place in with marriage equality. Some predict it could happen early next year. The political climate in has never been more favorable. President who took office in has spoken out in favor of marriage. Her Democratic Progressive which is largely sympathetic to gay holds the majority in the Legislative Yuan. Some cities are already extending symbolic recognition of relationships. In became the first city in to register couples. Shortly the followed suit. This issued its first to gay and the city government announced that it would soon do the same. The deputy director of the civil affairs said the cards would make it easier to contact partners in emergencies and for hospitals to include partners in medical decisions. In is an island of relative acceptance for lesbians and those of other sexual orientations. In some including homosexual acts are illegal. The governing Democratic Progressive the opposition Nationalist or and the smaller New Power Party have each proposed marriage bills. As of the bills were in the hands of a Legislative Yuan judiciary committee. has considered marriage equality before. a legislator from the Democratic Progressive submitted a marriage bill in 2005 that was blocked outright. In a bill reached the committee review stage but stalled. Ms. things are different. have a much better chance this time she said. If a bill comes to a vote in the Legislative it will need the support of at least 57 of the 113 lawmakers for passage. So Ms. the bills have collectively received backing from 56 legislators. All of the bills would legalize marriage and permit gay couples to said a legislator who submitted the Democratic Progressive proposal. The author of the also the Democratic Progressive Party highlighting the momentum that marriage equality has gathered in both major although some members of each party oppose it. Public support for legalizing unions is Ms. said. She noted the large turnout last month for the 14th Pride Parade in which attracted about 80,000 participants from and around Ms. said legalization had a good chance of passing in next legislative from through May. But if the proposal fails its chances in the sessions that follow ahead of the local elections in 2018 could be she as the issue remains controversial. is a golden Ms. said. the opposition is She noted that legislators who had initially signed on to the 2013 bill withdrew their support after being pressured by groups opposed to marriage. On thousands of people protesting dressed in occupied the street outside the judiciary committee proceedings in denouncing what they called a in which the bills were being considered. They chanted demands for the legislature to hold public hearings on the and some called for a plebiscite. Late the legislative caucuses of the Democratic Progressive Party and the agreed to each hold a hearing to air opinions on legalization before continuing deliberations. Among the opposition is the Alliance of Religious Groups for the Love of Families which was formed to block the 2013 and is now focusing its attention on presenting its views to legislators. use the term the secretary said in an interview. going to explain in detail the social and they can make their own a gay rights on the whole has become more than it was a decade when patrons of gay clubs were often harassed by the police. for marriage equality is especially strong among younger sex education in public schools and support from straight celebrities have helped increase she said. Among those celebrities is the pop singer who is from the aboriginal tribe. our we see love as wrote in an email. for love and the right to marry are as natural as breathing. And nobody should be able to deprive others of the right to Last received the Generation Award for her support for bisexual and rights at the inaugural organized by the International Queer Film Festival. goal is to spotlight people working to make those voices said the Jay He cited the United States as an example to noting that television there includes many characters of varying sexual orientations. really do see a lot more potential for media to have an said. the producers and film producers actually came up to me and what can we do to have more diversity on and in For said he was focused on out who the allies to ensure that marriage equality became a reality. we capitalize on this he know when the next opportunity will
YOUR HOMEWORK FOR THIS Fiver going too far out on a limb when it suggests the are better at football than the England have only one major trophy to show for 144 years of trying. By have claimed three in the last 101 months alone. That particular run of success stands as arguably the greatest achievement in the entire history of the given they parlayed all their prizes from a bunch of monotonous 1-0 wins that made Arsenal look like Bill hold this is supposed to be a it. been very impressive. Sheer genius. Pure masses cannot mask apathy and unloved international football Read could certainly learn a thing or two from them. oh Good Here they ready to put on their latest tactical masterclass at You good players no longer turn up to strut their stuff or sashay like or or back in the day. in accordance with the prevailing mood and they hold seminars and So after the niceties no national the band of the Guards will simply play the jingle for the Open University will begin their tutorial by stroking the ball back and forth between the lines in a highly technical fashion. student and will diligently fill his with notes about observations on and a reminder to give John Stones a clip round the ear followed by an urgent lesson on the benefits of giving it a Good Old will be taking themselves quite as seriously is another matter. Most of their usual suspects are either knacked or have been given permission to put their feet up for this so may hand debuts to the likes of and and see how things pan out. Both players practically guarantee entertainment is always worth watching as he dutifully explores new methods of sparking almighty rumbles in empty while the entire stadium will be desperately willing to take a cheeky quick corner although such shenanigans are unlikely to help finish the essay he has to hand in to the FA on the final whistle. hope for his sake and that flippant nonsense such as fun and excitement are kept to a ON BIG from for hot coverage of England 0-2 OF THE a free day he who want to have before midnight because you must have a good He did that with who since then was not injured and whom he had put on the bench at one and made him understand certain reveals Pep City ban on making the beast with two or more backs after musings especially his comment that like the one against have nothing to do with professional one was struck by two the first being of a pedantic namely that playing a team made up of accountants and carpenters quite obviously has nothing to do with professional football as hardly needed to be stated. Fiver readers respond to its contents by missives like this one have nothing to do with We hold these truths to be and all that. But the more interesting thought prompted by was professional We can see that playing isolated mountainous hamlets cut the mustard but what separates professional football from not professional Is it a straightforward divide or is it more of a continuum with Him at the jumpers for goalposts at the bottom and amateurs mixing it with the big boys like somewhere in is the actual sporting aspect the key consideration at sponsored a crushing sense of ennui is in these metrics we should be If the recent election in and the campaign has taught us it is surely that every issue must have one clear with no room for to see a Smog lyric in last line. from a footballing the of Cold Blooded Old Times song whence those lyrics contains two prescient referencing future events in a song about and another about that supporter Break your cousin Wizard Fiver be launching a daily digest of The Premier I probably other will be looking forward to a daily with knack reports which might include and or spells which banish managers away from the Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager and out got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring AND has activated his itchy trigger finger getting rid of after 16 matches in meaning are looking to fill the role for a seventh time since their owner took over in 2014. club would like to thank for his tireless work during his time at The particularly the processes and disciplines he has instilled at the training and wishes him well for the trilled a club suit. Twitter A sticker at The Valley with comedian on urging and to do one. scored two penalties but could only record a 2-2 draw at in their World Cup the one scored twice to burst England bubble as inflicted a first defeat in 16 matches. is ready to climb aboard the Express after holding talks with Fire. trying to keep myself fit for the situation in which I am he cooed. Frank has had enough of have very much enjoyed my and I am very grateful to have had the opportunity to play for such a great he blahed. has given the kiss of death by backing rivals as real possibles for the Premier League title. have been impressed by so he that is not what you might expect the manager to say but they have been playing some very good football and deserve to be at the will risk the wrath of and throw into action against on despite a reported of the clubs can remain we are very respectful of our trilled will never force any player who has not got the medical WANT England v and Tactics are among the apocalyptic scenarios conjured in latest cartoon. Twitter Here you go. Squires for the is so tactics guru 3-4-2-1 is where at. And he explains precisely why suits are doing their damnedest to fill for England and writes but a sense of importance and excitement is missing as apathy surrounds the international talks sunflower seeds in his with before the lukewarm international friendly with of the Swan taking on the Lion in a mascot Lord fuming at a coach driver sitting in his and Bobby foray into the industry are among the choice episodes in Nick new book of football anecdotes. Read about them canning of FA Cup replays gets short shrift from who reminds us of the many epic matches replays have brought and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND 
One in five US adults claim to have seen a with reporting being in touch with someone died. In keeping with the spirit of like you to share your ghostly experiences with number of people who say they have felt in touch with someone who has died has grown by 11 percentage points since 1996. And the proportion of who say they have with a ghost has doubled since according to the same differ between with just of evangelical Protestants saying they have felt in touch with a dead person compared to of white Catholics and of people who do not follow a religion reporting such experiences. If ever seen a ghost or had a supernatural like you to share your story with can fill in the form below please provide as much description as possible and publish a selection on the site. If you have a photograph like to please email it to 
When founder sent his to the wrong side of for he sent an apologetic text message. He received an all know not what it means at all. That means not he pointing out that have infiltrated language so deeply that their absence from that message carries a meaning that we all understand. Once considered a nerd have now become a mainstream says and first conference seems to of adults surprisingly few turned up for sessions including where participants had to translate the lyrics of pop songs such as Call Me Maybe into strings of which revealed how modern witches have embraced and a specialist balloon artist whose biggest request was the poop symbol. There was even a stall selling a vibrator in the shape of the Something for everyone. Twitter The on show at in users feel a significant ownership over these tiny digital as evidenced by the reaction when Apple swapped the gun for a water pistol and changed the peach to look less like a or when a teen designed her own have also been recognized as with New Museum of Art acquiring the original 176 designed by a phone company in 1999. Not everyone agrees with putting on this lofty cultural said architecture and design collection but there was similar when introduced cubist artworks and video games to its collection. think we should be sticking to beautiful oil paintings by dead but this is part of a broader range of he there are more serious cultural problems highlighted by the rise of particularly how to make them more inclusive to people of different genders and physical abilities. Until a range of were introduced for in there were no options for making anything other than white cartoon and even the new set of modifiers were only introduced after public outrage about lack of diversity. Twitter This photo provided by in New shows the original set of 176 which the museum has acquired. neutrality is a has spent two years researching why were developed with such a limited She concluded that there was no intention to actively exclude but that the icons did align with a belief that inadvertently marginalizes people the belief that technology is may seem just silly little but when you represented by something so widely a problem. The values either intentionally or unintentionally baked into the systems we use on a daily basis can deeply impact people and how they navigate their said a student at School of Communication and who conducted extensive interviews and analyzed hundreds of emails the the official body which standardizes and its the International Organization for approached their task as a technical to encode the characters originally created by telecoms firms and avoid messy politics of Yet there is no such thing as a neutral or apolitical technological and engineering choices are made by people people who have belief who work for organizations that have belief and who direct their products to a market or a set of consumers who have certain belief said is not necessarily bad just how things Twitter Apple worked with the Consortium to introduce more diverse in the idea that technology is neutral ignores and even erases the influence of designers and the organizations they work for. When this it often works out that marginalized groups people of differently people are not taken into consideration because they are not considered to be the or the author once this means white. Everybody else has to clothing and bandages sold as are typically the of white because whiteness is considered the default skin in the western world. The same happens with gender and sexual until 2015 the family represented a couple with two children. people say default or standard that usually means white and usually she says we need to think beyond binary interpretations of gender and especially in technologies that however or are used by millions of people worldwide. behooves us all to acknowledge the power and politics that are involved in the formation of widely used especially if we are to move beyond the and towards more 
campaign unleashes on in full battle is seeking to deflect attention from the latest email revelations by pointing to allegations that the sought to withhold evidence of support for Trump for fear of influencing the election. Citing reports on and in the Post that privately urged against naming for allegedly meddling in the campaign said the move was and to view this as anything less than a blatant double The White House backed as a man of while urging the importance of tradition and practice and Democrat pundit was dropped by for passing debate and we ask whether is biggest liability. And if you want to understand how the elite Frank says all in the email camp blasts director over double standard Twitter Why does the US vote for president on denies connections The Trump campaign has denied a report that a Trump Organization server was used to send or receive communications with a bank. The denial on night came in response to a Slate article that said activity on the server indicated sustained relationship between a server registered to the Trump Organization and two servers registered to an entity called the largest private commercial bank in The campaign quickly pounced on the declaring the story proof of most direct link yet between Trump and According to the New Trump also used tax avoidance measures in the and Smith reviews the futile feuds that may cost Trump the White camp denies report of bank being tied to Trump casualties in civilians from one three of them were killed by a US on their home near officials and troops fighting in the area say. The attack came after a week of heavy fighting in where and forces backed by coalition were battling militants as part of the push to recapture second largest city. The bombing in appears to be the first time a western has killed civilians since the push for that killed family deepens fears for civilians in secretary warns of economic democracy and capitalism are under threat unless governments do more to tackle the treasury Jack has warned on a visit to the called for and the to ensure their economies remain when leaves the bloc. He linked the vote for to a more general rise in anxiety among people over how economies have evolved and the nature of democracy is at risk unless inequality is says Jack adventures in civil rights activist who provoked mockery and confusion last year after her white parents revealed she had posed as a black woman for years has unveiled a memoir that claims to explore discrimination suffered while living as a black The book invites readers to experience race not as a biological but a function of the experiences we the culture we the identity we memoir to explore while living as economic crisis spills over into border first the small Amazonian border community of appears to be doing well amid the humanitarian crisis afflicting transforming itself into a giant grain and supplying food at considerable profit to a country that cannot feed itself. But the economic boom has come at a growing desperation in is starting to send ripples across the where it is triggering a new set of social border town booms as economic crisis the fearless Guardian is an independent voice in this election. That means no bias or corporate owner influencing our coverage. But political reporting takes a lot of money and hard work to produce. If everyone who reads our coverage helps to pay for our future will be more secure. Support the Guardian with a monthly or a a Guardian supporter or contributor. Gender equality boost to global Wealth Management report says governments need to change how companies behave and remove barriers that prevent women rising to the top. The Women as a force for economic found that if governments increased national female participation rates to match the best in their region it could add or to the world economy by 2025. But a report by the World Economic Forum found the gender gap had widened in the past four years and predicted it could take 170 years for women to reach gender inequality add to world urged to protect human coalition of more than 70 civil rights groups have written to demanding that the company clarifies its policies for removing content and alleging that it has repeatedly removed posts documenting human rights violations. In a letter addressed to Mark the rights groups including the Center for Media and Color of Change express deep concern over the particularly when posts are removed at the request of police. When censors content that depicts police it sets a dangerous precedent for marginalized rights should not human rights case you missed new How Men offers a defense of the fat suggesting that larger fathers are healthier and more attractive than their skinny counterparts especially to women. The book says that slight weight gain actually strengthens the immune system. a study has shown that men with slow metabolisms are around less likely to die in a given less likely to chase other women and more likely to be attentive parents. Why science says pudgy dads are more attractive US 
Maybe I have been surprised that Trump could be elected but I was. I live in and work in two of the most liberal places in the country. But even I seeing many signs of support for him. How did that blindness Social media is my portal into the rest of the world my periscope into the communities next to my into how the rest of the world thinks and feels. And it completely failed me. In that failure makes sense. spent nearly 10 years coaching and and Twitter on what kinds of news and photos I want to and they all behaved accordingly. Each time I liked an or clicked on a or hid the algorithms that curate my streams took notice and showed me only what they thought I wanted to see. That meant I realize that most of my family who live in rural were voicing their support for Trump and I see any of the that were in heavy circulation before the election. I never saw a Trump hat or a sign or a shirt in my and the only Election Day I saw were of people declaring their support for To be not blaming the algorithms for what I assume to be their role in augmenting my They did exactly what I told them to blocking out misogynist and hiding anyone who support Black Lives all with such deftness that I had no idea that a candidate who ran a campaign on exactly those values had gained enough popularity to win the election. But considering that more than 40 percent of our population consumes news on finding alternative perspectives have been that hard. I knew about theory on filter or the idea that personalization distorts the type of information we and even I still chose to let algorithms shape how I perceive the world. Everything I could want to see is available at my and yet I look. In Mark chief executive of addressed a room of developers about the importance of his social network. he has the power to bring people together who might otherwise never have the chance to meet. has enabled all of us to access and share more ideas and information than ever he said. gone from a world of isolated communities to one global and we are all better off for But not what has happened. idealism is belied by his desire to duck responsibility for mediating the content of his site. On the political divide has only been entrenched further. the dress only for our entire We are two one that sees blue and black and the other that sees white and gold. The once offered outlets we could use to understand one another. But they are rapidly disappearing. Most social media like and is curated by software built to manage the high influx of information flowing into but there have still been a few islands of digital a of where culture thrived untouched. They included Vine closure was announced in and and even which were homes for marginalized theories and lifestyles. The Vine was the first place I got a glimpse of cultures beyond my including those of the Middle East. I was able to see how some women there wanted us to see aware. A young woman living in who goes by the name used Vine to show clips of herself living her life her version of normalcy at the goofing off at home. In her most viral she stares into the her face covered in a save for her perfectly outlined eyes. called me she snaps. The emphasis on the last word becomes the punch line as she whips off one to reveal a second underneath. I was thrilled to realize that women living there could have a sense of humor similar to my own. Vine was born as an and intended to be a social community. But Vine links could be shared independent of the and people did so with meaning that Vines appeared around the defying the sorting mechanism of streams and feeds. They could land on your screen via text direct email. Vine was a riff on one originally posted by a young black named who was miffed that someone thought she needed makeup to be pretty. You can draw a straight line from brown women in to black women in a marvel unto a window into the way the flattens space and time a vivid example of its fulfilling its promise to bridge divides. At it had more than 200 million monthly users who watched videos billions of and it excelled at showing these sorts of black kids in New lived and looked a lot like white kids in the very they shared a similar humor and taste in which gave me hope that they would share a sense of humanity as And yet which owns Vine and is struggling to turn a profit while keeping its main service appealing to could seemingly no longer afford to keep the video feature reportedly costs millions a month to afloat. Following news about decision to close the there were rumors that outside companies made inquiries about purchasing remains. But most likely too late to salvage the community there. In its earlier offered its own version of cultural exchange. The had an incredible series on that gave users direct windows into different worlds. People submitted short video diaries about life in their which the company compiled into a single viewable by anyone using the I remember feeling delighted watching people in and showing off their routines and customs. But the company is now prioritizing which feature more mainstream events like the Super Bowl and music festivals. The effect is still but less intimate. seems to be betting that people are more interested in the familiar. The future of the platform whose endless warren of rabbit holes about gender critical feminist thought and identity politics is unlike any other on the is the most uncertain. its parent succumbed to financial struggles and has announced plans to be acquired by raising questions about the future of its properties. What seeing with and Vine reflects a larger shift in the economy. by and is not lucrative at a scale that satisfies and as a most companies are changing direction toward other revenue streams. One of the more significant shifts is the move into social messaging. Semiprivate messaging applications group text threads and applications like is owned by and Slack have grown in popularity as people move away from public arenas for a shift caused in part by spikes in unchecked harassment on major social networks. New features are introduced it to make messaging with your friends more The latest version of the software includes the ability to make messages with confetti. now offers the ability to tag people in as you might tag them in a photograph These changes have probably been spurred by messaging applications which used similar features to attract and retain customers. a company that built an addictive messaging with 220 million monthly users had one of the biggest initial public offerings billion earlier this These new messaging features work to bind private groups tighter by making it more fun to talk to one another than to engage with the world at large. What happens when we would rather look I have found something of an answer in a short story called Great by about search for signs of alien life. The story is narrated by a parrot in home to one of the largest radio telescopes in the world. desire to make a connection is so strong that created an ear capable of hearing across the the creature begins. I and my fellow parrots are right here. Why they interested in listening to our The paradox is not to be We are more interested in locating alien species than understanding the humanity among the species we already live with. The story ends on a somber note. activity has brought my kind to the brink of the narrator explains. do it maliciously. They just paying lesson hits hard in this new political and cultural moment. Social media seemed to promise a way to better connect with instead it seems to have made it easier to tune out the people we agree with. But if we pay attention to one we might as well not live on the same planet at all.
Trump appears to be backing away from several campaign raising hopes that he could be more pragmatic in the White House than but risking the wrath of his vociferous army of supporters as he has done for refusing to commit to any one leader attacks campaign for taking vote for granted Read the days since his victory in the electoral the has suggested that he could retain some elements of and his advisers appeared to tone down a pledge to the nuclear deal. As for whom Trump had threatened to jail for unspecified crimes of he called her strong and very who pledged to the of appears to have started by diving straight into it. Before taking office in he has drawn up a transition team full of political old hands and led by the Mike the governor with worth of ties to Congress. warn of the dangers of seeking to whose rhetoric has sown division and fear and given to including the defeating in the most shocking US election result in sparking nationwide Trump visited the White House on and had a cordial meeting with a man whose birth certificate he questioned for five and who had declared him unfit for the subsequently in an interview with the Wall Street to consider retaining aspects of signature Affordable Care Act of to the outgoing president. During the Trump had promised to and the reforms but never explained a replacement in nor its funding. And in a second interview with the 60 Trump said he would ensure that that people with conditions and children living with their parents for an extended period were still be just fine. what I do. I do a good he said. I I know how to do this stuff. going to repeal it and replace it. And not going to a period and not going to have a period where nothing. It will be repealed and replaced. I know. And be great for much less fear Trump election changed my Read also struck a conciliatory note when discussing whom he had branded encouraging his supporters to chant her He told and it was a lovely and it was a tough call for I I can for her than it would have been for me. I for it would have been very difficult. She have been nicer. She just well And I want to thank you very you were a great She is very strong and very has ducked questions over his campaign pledge to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate use of a private email server while she was secretary of insisting that securing the reform and job creation should take said he would think calling former president Bill for as well as So far he has relied heavily on Republican donors and including veterans of both Bush despite his vows to take on special tear down the political establishment and start afresh. the bombast of we will probably soon look back and see it as a storm in a said a Republican strategist. transition team draws heavily on the beltway which should not surprise because even Trump needs people who know how to move papers from one desk to another if to Great have yet to see where he sets the ideological bar and on which issues he personally weighs in most but his approach to the presidency may be his distinguishing running the country like a and delegating more of the legislative interactions to Mike for biographer also said the businessman was to govern like a moderate Republican. pronouncements during the campaign were part of a strategy of always controlling the headlines by saying something and then topping that and topping she said. Inside the mind of Trump Read was gift to him in that he could keep leapfrogging ahead of any fact check. a who always wants to make it happen to his advantage. The gamble the nation has taken is that it will now work to the whipped up crowds at rallies more than his plan to build a wall on the southern border and somehow force to pay the cost. But even this might be in doubt. Former House speaker Newt a close adviser to told the spend a lot of time controlling the border. He may not spend very much time trying to get to pay for but it was a great campaign also appeared to be some new hesitancy about the deal to curb nuclear negotiated by international coalition. is maybe a too strong of Trump adviser told the on gonna take that been done before in international and then review a tumultuous Trump often contradicted his own policy ideas reversing himself within hours on abortion and the minimum for instance and there is no guarantee that he will not reverse himself again. He in the eyes of a threat to global and national security and a source of fear to millions of immigrants. Tony the ghostwriter of The Art of the warned this election could presage the end of and said he saw no moderation in Trump. see a significant possibility that Trump will change in any meaningful he said. anyone what decide serves him infighting that plagued his election campaign has continued during the according to which highlighted the role of who is married to daughter was influential in the decision to remove New Jersey governor as head of the transition team in of the website reported. top Rich had fallen out of with it and has been on the medium of Trump gave no clear signal about his only his mutability. On he berated the press and protesters for being to only to declare on the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great he will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL We will unite and we will domestic foreign 
Twice a week we publish problems that will feature in a forthcoming Dear advice column in the Guardian so that readers can offer their own advice and suggestions. We then print the best of your comments alongside own boss like me. not sure why and I have given up trying to figure it but it is making my working life really miserable. She undermines me in front of the rest of the interrupts constantly with irrelevant asides when trying to lead leaves me out of meetings I should be included and makes constant threats that I might lose my job or someone else more junior might lose theirs if I do often task. I am desperate to leave but feel so undermined by her and that I feel worthless and useless and unemployable. She likes to remind me that I am lucky to have a job. I have worked there for 15 years but now feel trapped in a vicious circle. What should I you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply personally. 
take your suggestions and forge them into a for next week get involved have until on 21 to post your nomination and make your justification. Regular contributor den posts as in the will select from your recommendations and produce the to be published on 1 is a list of all songs previously picked and therefore ineligible for the you want to volunteer to compile a from suggestions and potentially about the for the Guardian please email with the subject line or make yourself known in the a reminder of the guidelines for us why a worthy lyrics if but for copyright reasons no more than a third of a words. If sharing make sure there is appropriate copyright to others suggestions and add yours to a collaborative you have a good or if like to volunteer to compile a from please email a wealth of data on including the songs that are at the It also tells you the meaning of for a previous so and other strange words used by regulars also congregate at the 
Another engrossing day of Test cricket ends with holding the upper hand thanks to a sublime unbeaten 138 from Sent in late on as a makeshift opener the elegant left hander will return to the crease on afternoon after spending the entire second day batting. Partners came and went around him. Smith had more than 59 in his locker but a regrettable threatened to change the course of the game. It thanks to Peter busy debut. His dismissal for 54 sparked a but the wickets of Nick and Wade to the new ball under lights failed to mushroom into anything South Kyle was the deserving better than his from 25 Obvious but the first session tomorrow will set up the rest of the game. Quick wickets for South will drag them back into contention but a couple of hours of batting could see them extend their lead of 48 into territory. Thanks for your see you guides in Test against South Read more batted throughout the second day of the third Test against South at the Oval. Images 102nd 307-6 over of the and to bowl it. had he takes a single from the first ball and park himself at the reminding himself of his good work. looks assured now against the standing and delivering with a straight playing in the V. And Peters of blokes who wear the same costumes together at the cricket are as funny as the flu. as a public service announcement. 101st 306-6 returns to torment for an then for an and a chance that drops in front of continues to hold his end up though. Hinds to the point. But is still a mastermind for getting in 2016 100th 305-6 around the wicket to and the number 8 does his seeing off another over 99 Large Hadron 99th 305-6 returns to the attack late in the day to bowl his wrist spin to with just four overs remaining in play. And does not know which way the ball is One rips off the pitch and into the hands of at first the wrong nips between bat and pad and misses the bails by a particle so small searching for it in that big shiny tunnel in 98th 304-6 back on for his final dart with the tail at his mercy. 22 overs 3-35 so far in a terrific display. Immediately on the line and but looks to be warming to his task and does well to rotate the strike with the implacable 97th 303-6 of the same from finding the middle of and the inch or so just outside the edge of Apart from the one that rockets from a push through extra cover for a rare boundary and the team overs remaining. lead by crowd of 37,932 here on day two to see another cracking day of Test 2016 96th 293-6 changing the moving around the offering the which he takes second delivery. Regardless of how the rest of the day pans this has been a Herculean effort from the makeshift is not in class and looks at risk of losing his wicket every but he survives with a series of play and and leading edges into space. don't care for the interpretation of outside the line of leg If some of the ball is in it's in agree. 95th 291-6 tested all over and eventually he gets one through the big and given reviewed immediately. And for good the ball pitched a breadth outside the line of leg stump. only to waft another swoosh at one that beats the outside the ball had landing in line with the not the required A game of 94th 289-6 in his happy hitting a good length and forcing both to consider the health of their thumbs. one to take a backward step though and he fronts up well with a straight bat and a jutted jaw. 93rd 286-6 overs remaining tonight. Discussion on wanders into is the ball swinging more tonight than last territory. It would be a shame if one of them just went know. Nobody knows really. Makes for great cricket sending down his wobbly in the vicinity of outside but the vigil continues. 92nd 285-6 offered a single first and he happy to rest his aching bones at the end and allow to fend off some thunderbolts. The big lefty does including pinching a single of his own off the last ball to farm the the new ball was taken and the lights came on this innings has transformed. The neon pink pill keeps darting past the outside edge with a tail behind it like an homage to a bit surprised by the standing ovation for the man who got in and then got out. 3-10 since 2016 90th 283-6 collapse is hold onto your The third wicket with the new ball has set this game back on edge with down to the tail with a lead of 24. 90th 283-6 replaces who once again bowled beautifully. But the pressure released with Veep hitting the same spots and beating outside edge on a couple of occasions. Wade responds by taking guard way outside his crease to the seam but instead he nicks a healthy edge through to a diving Wade of leaves the field after being dismissed by Philander of South during day two of the Third Test match between and South at Oval. Images 90th 277-5 Wade was limited on Wade certainly on crunching a square drive for four from his first to much from that knock. He came in at a tough time and faced some good including one very special ball indeed. tailing back in to the and the zing bails go flying into the night. Nick got a good one from to end his difficult stay at the crease without a run. Nick Clean bowled. Rick 89th 276-4 is making first dig in Test cricket a tough putting the pink ball on the spot relentlessly. A maiden and the New South remains on a duck. nervous as ever been. Come on 2016 88th 276-4 trying to offer shock value from the other end but has been in way too long to be unsettled by any short stuff. saw something in before the selectors did. making runs on tired pitches in A tour it was clear he would play for seniors. When Marsh and Burns were preferred it made me cringe was more of an option due to Ashes and his exp of But still should have made his debut before in the last match even though my sympathies were with for not making his debut 87th 273-4 found his with this new ball under lights. His first delivery to just passes the outside as does the and the all kissing a good length and spitting towards first can be satisfied with his or can As emails I recall the last to make a fifty on debut was dropped after making 200 Best of Lemon Sport words from one who knows. is getting his weirdness and we love it. 2016 rips through with a beauty. Hits the cuts and sneaks between bat and pad to castle middle and off. Peter of is dismissed by Kyle of South during day two of the Third Test match between and South at Oval. Images 85th 273-3 with his first dart with the new immediately after the drinks break. A couple start full outside off but the third is on hip and he swivels a pulled four. He look full of at the crease though and a quicker one swooshes past him before one wobbles off the seam beyond his outside edge. still there like he has been since this time last has taken to the and delighted he it remarkable how little there is over stance as the Nine commentary team insist on describing it. I guess he is If he hit the ball a bit harder than grammar pedants could almost call him a dangling modifier In My I can recall snorts of derision when assorted visitors in the started facing the incoming bowler with the bat already. To this day I cannot recall an more united than that day hurled a yorker to bowl Tony at the in the 2nd innings of the 1st Test of the Ashes. A tsunami of acclaimed the delivery that proved 1st innings defiant century was a The whole of maybe the had spent the following day decrying someone bowl that git a as The tall held his bat off the ground. bat stays poised and vigilant in the direction of the midday sun. And no Not even a brouhaha. In My Day marks me as a but it is not exactly so. But almost. 85th 266-3 slows things down with a Maxwell that was hardly a surprise you 84th 266-3 there was any fear might be rattled by that near miss dispelled by back to back cover driven fours to open the 84th over. A pulled four wide of makes it a of to bring up the 50 on debut and push into the lead. looks to the manor born. Top knock. Peter of bats during day two of the Third Test match between and South at Oval. Images 83rd 249-3 new ball talking loudly for South and and are milking ones and twos from hold might have bitten off more than he could chew with one quick single too many. A direct hit has him diving full length with the third umpire forced to check replays of whether the bouncing bat was in the air when the zing bails lit up. Not Sighs of relief for the been waiting twenty years to say this about an but there's a bit of about Peter something of the about this knock from 81st 245-3 to share the new ball and so unlucky not to claim nipping one back off the catching the inside edge but it drops before The long sleeve jumpers on the fielding team indicate as the sun sets the temperature drops pretty quickly in the of the South. now has his longest Test innings in terms of balls faced now up to 2016 81st 243-3 is handed the new pink ball at the earliest running in from the Cathedral End as the sun sets over the sending the sky an fantasy. Game on much doing from that first look at the new a tiny amount of swing back into the left but the only just hitting That perception of swing almost does for who plays inside the line of the last giving something to smile ruefully about. 80th 243-3 Hail appeal with the first delivery of over to The goes deep in his crease looking to play a cut shot but is beaten for pace to one that bounced a bit more than most. He hits but the question is whether it hit his pad first. The review reveals it did hit his pad but was bouncing well over. Worth a and a decent warning to about how his deep guard makes him an candidate. sees out the rest of the but gone into his shell a bit since dinner. Hardly surprising considering been on the field every delivery for two days in a row. South will be restored the review at the end of the over. 79th 241-3 joining the a laugh bowling chaff party. have but on a track as true as this against two set batsmen performing the role of a bowling machine. 78th 239-3 dancing all around his crease against looking to the ball into run scoring areas. After finding the field for four he finally manages to rotate the strike. Test Cricket is fantastic .. Love the visual but more so the change in conditions that you have to deal with ... 2016 77th 239-3 to tip and run against trailing by just 20 says should own up to his actions the man who threw his own Mum under a bus when he tested positive. 2016 76th 234-3 continuing a tight line and length to Second maiden from him in a row. commentary has gone to the subject of appeal which is easy to perceive as pushing the patience of the and everyone involved. hearing lament the skipper not taking responsibility for his actions must have brought a few wry smiles around the country. Maybe should say his mum packed the mints in his kit bag and he think there was anything wrong with sucking them on 75th 234-3 into the attack now with his from over the wicket. He starts with a rank wide long hop and some junk that should have generated a forcing him to change his approach around the from where he immediately looks dangerous. One turns and strikes on the pads and another finds a thick edge that races along the ground past at slip. 74th 230-3 is clearly trying to buy 10 cheap overs and throw his full bore at the new ball as darkness descends but this brief passage after dinner has been all so puts the breaks on finally with a maiden. 73rd 230-3 partnership from just 68 deliveries as this pair continue their postprandial game of tip and run. If technique and runs help him he has the patronage of a certain to prop him up. The has perfect being of and St CC descent. One can only imagine he likes Pie too. 72nd 223-3 bowling his over the wicket wrist spin to partner A similar over ensues with in particular showing a confident use of his feet that will stand him in good stead for the Shah challenge to come later in the summer. A couple of those nudges reach the boundary this over courtesy of some dreadful fielding. Some South still with their heads in the buffet. And the feed is as good as it gets on the so I can hardly blame them. Cat on for a bowl. been waiting for this ALL SERIES. has a fan somewhere. 71st 213-3 to open the bowling for this final session of the day as South look to rattle through to the new ball in 10 overs time. The over proceeds as a series of loopy left arm droppers nudged around the beautiful oval for a few singles. be 32 overs bowled in the meaning likely to overrun the scheduled close of play but not by much. can we ditch the Channel 9 have just shown the trailer for the new you the one of that lizard sprinting away from an army of snakes straight from a Room 101 Evening a change of narrator for you to see you through the sunset session. I have the good fortune of turning up with in the ascendancy in a Test match for the first time since the Ashes tour of 1989. has mixed elegance with patience to bat serenely through two sessions after his unexpected move to opener. at the crease Peter who has looked accomplished after a nervy first over. The upright technique and guard deep in his crease is sure to provoke plenty of you have something to contribute you can reach me on Twitter or email In case this story passed you town may rename cricket oval after Trump Read more While enjoying your dinner or I know this naming convention is a hotly debated issue on social please cast your eye over this. From Bull in this The Spin. a long way to play all across and his all call him is from in northern When was a his father left home. When was a his mother and brother were killed by the And when was a he decided to come to and claim asylum in England. He was placed in foster care and given a place at Polytechnic. Soon after he turned up at though he speak much he made it clear that he was nuts about cricket and started playing for their years now has five including a C in and is still turning out for the club. He is also being threatened with deportation. recently lost his application to remain in the and is now on his final appeal to stay in the country he calls home. at CC are petitioning the government on his behalf. They say he embraced all of cricket engaging in the social and fund raising sides as well as playing the game and that is a friendly hard working lad who has quite simply become part of our You can read more about case here. If persuaded by his please do sign his Dynamite this the story of an incredibly kid who faces 2016 A fine session for the rattling off an even 100 runs across the two registering his fifth Test century along the way. It could have been if not for a that left the captain Smith short of his ground when on 59 after 137 on with either side of lunch. It has been a defining hand from the thrown up to the top of the list after Warner was precluded from opening the innings last night. He was mature enough to survive last and enough to prosper today. The strokes were but so too was the hard work to see off the South trio of quality when deserving of it. Smith will be his call for a single to point by initially before being sent back. ugly but the captain was equally brilliant in the stand. It laid the foundation for the runs that desperately wanted to avoid leaving too much work to their inexperienced order. With that has looked better with each minute he has spent out there since 14 not out at the long break. The hosts are 50 short of a valuable first innings lead. Right. enough from me. will take the baton as day becomes night in Thanks for your enjoyed it as always. See you tomorrow. has been the star of the second day of the third Test in reaching his century shortly before the dinner break. Images 70th 209-3 is defending and leaving in keeping with the best traditions of the over. Until on his a ball happy enough to push through midwicket. Strong three scored. sees off the final couple of collecting one to midwicket in the process. And my will be dinner. take a moment and wrap up the session. 69th 205-3 has been given a big go in this middle session but is still searching for a maiden Test scalp. With only minutes to the long break is satisfied in before getting a loopy one on the tucking it away for one. driving turns the strike over as meaning be up the business end for the final over of the which will be delivered by The Cricket Prof. cut shots for 9 of his 10 runs so 2016 68th 203-3 back on for a couple before dinner. too straight to stroking a single into the Then a bit a cutting a couple behind gully. His best shot yet. He does likewise to end the and this time it goes the full journey his first boundary in Test cricket. feel into double figures as well. 200 up as well. 67th 196-3 gets another go. untroubled after bringing up a century moments takes one to point. gets three behind point that he tries to cut close to his body. He looks a bit nervous out but perfectly understandable. a big job ahead and this is what he has been picked for. first to score Test century since 3rd Test v That's 381 overs and 14 balls 2016 66th 191-3 Four slips in place for Philander I am sure very happy to be given another chance at the right hander on debut. forced to play and facing up deep in his crease. a tough initial interrogation for the but he comes across as a savvy enough operator to understand that. A good late leave to end the over suggests some confidence. A maiden will be recorded in the book. now trail by with a quarter hour to come before dinner. a 2016 65th 191-3 is using his feet to get to the pitch of beautifully timed and to the rope. To 98. Then 99 with another this time to The cheer is bigger again for who takes one his first run in Test cricket. Now back on strike and the field up makes no mistake in cutting to a A glorious way to get and he loves it. 197 balls with ten boundaries the others numbers in the equation. He needed to step up with the vast inexperience across top and then again when Warner was prevented from opening last night. done both beautifully. be some scrutiny over the run out with but time for that later. For all about What a superb century. great moment for the almost forgotten concept of 2016
NIGHT you say they warn us. fixture really does excite people. the fixture which will capture the roared back when the draw was made last a very fierce rivalry with and beamed that whole of and England will look forward to the Well look forward no more. Or at least hardly any more. Fully 475 days after the names were plucked out of their respective This is big. all know how big the game bloated Harry but readers based ignorant perhaps of the unique political and historical significance of this special may need some assistance to understand precisely how gargantuan this fixture is. And The as is here to help. scavenged the best interviews which may not be much but is as close as we get to proper reporting to let the experts reveal full significance. a huge we beat about the bush on this one. This is so big and so whoops very a bit of a game people might remember for years to come. Without a shadow of doubt games like this are the reason involved in the game. the beauty of to be involved in big England v is the beauty of football. Let that sink in for a moment. But not oh pitch for England post adds edge to encounter Read called it monumental moment and one I am looking forward to and excited about and before get much bigger than this there will be a little more fire in the who will be lining up against him in said is a massive revealing that you look at the history of the not a normal Jack was a lone dissenting saying only that a big said who became captain of Team Massive by insisting it a massive and that victory be a massive that return will also a massive because a massive Other members of Team Massive include potential England a massive and big a massive and his a massive game for Former captain says a huge game for and equally so for while former future England manager reckons will be a big game and looking forward to we all. this moment. There are only a matter of minutes remaining in which we can bask in the sheer wonder of the elephantine encounter that towers mightily ahead of us. Because once it kicks off be forced to face up to the manifest of the two and then in 580 time the 2018 World Cup will kick one of these teams will be knocked out in the group the other be there at and have to come to terms with the fact that the game was pretty much irrelevant all ON BIG from for hot coverage of England 2-1 while will be on hand for World Cup action. And then at Graham Parker will be in the saddle for 2-0 OF THE was always confident that this would be the case as there was no evidence against a criminal inquiry has been opened into a single suspected case of bribery following the investigation into alleged corruption in football. But not against A SECOND basks in the orange glow of its new status as The Country That Jiggered Itself Even More Thoroughly Than attention now turns to see if its called football because played with your was actually its original are too many breaks in well baseball is just JUST CALL IT FOOTBALL team can restore some national pride with an epic victory in World Cup the country can forget all about the deeply racist rhetoric that has spewed from the maw of its as team face checks the fixture Ah. But fear because reckons everything is going to be just fine. worldwide connects people purely a sporting he suggesting he may have missed that weekend in Still whatever happens off the it should be a cracker on it. The game will be played at a venue at which have never lost to Or anyone come to think of it. hopes are embodied by New But Actually while have become more if a little less passionate than they were under under the leadership of we forget about the 7-0 smacking against last may want to win this one going to be a long and tiring away trip if they have to climb over that wall. Speaking of which Twitter on. John wants to keep the politics out of the v match Bits and So what does he do if get a on the edge of the Dale Town seen several directors of football over the But none of these would even get close to licking the boots of our new Tactics Quote of the Big Cup winner of the 2012-13 Premier League Group and true visionary of the game. With his tactical nous and keen eye for this season I expect nothing less than an inaugural Golden and a County Ground touchline littered with the endless reams of flipped pages. And for those cynics who think this appointment has anything to do with once being chairman Lee and best man the headmaster I be one of 1,057 to express my shock and heartbreak that The Fiver has a Imagine how bad their 2016 is no I be the pedant to point out that canal boats are not particularly narrow ply their trade on other parts of inland waterways such as the Grand Union which runs roughly along the line of the motorway from towards then rivers such as those that link the Broads are wider than most canals and do not have locks which are even narrower than the canals which do have if The mind was as narrow as a it would be as narrow as a narrow thing on a very narrow Peter 1,056 pass up a chance to watch explain under a The football team Fiver very rich but has also been very his detractors would have anyone but his loud verbal rants are memorable and he thinks the whole world is against yet he has enjoyed notable success. I wonder why Lord and his United tenure spring to seems too fickle and opportunistic to commit to a particular team. Instead just claim to support whoever wins the league that brazenly denying ever having followed anyone else. at the be Quite fitting I matching own story as an underdog to win against the odds. Of a better reflection of his character would see him down at Park cheering on Firewall Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager and out got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring AND are stewing over their 3-0 shellacking at the hands of are more than aware that we have to change a sniffed be giving away any more Twitter call you. is boss hide how chuffed feeling about the return of against not a team on the planet he play for when at his whooped not a biased opinion because a and we all love looking at it clinically. He could play for City still think Bravo and will be available for next trip to Crystal Palace despite both getting knacked on international police say taken extreme steps to secure World Cup qualifier between and I think that is a bad advertisement for on the tooted ambassador Boy la Tour is the first female Professional League president after candidacy was snubbed by the general WANT but do United are on the up and reports and tough love is a big reason why. Joey is one of the worst signings in modern reckons and the should have seen it coming. Twitter again. is back with more positive football on why the Brown double act is unlikely to end ready for an incredibly awkward encounter in writes Graham Parker. flirtation with the England manager role adds a bit of spice to the chicken that is England v writes in not so few about to sign Glen Well The Mill and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND IS A CRACK IN EVERYTHING. HOW THE LIGHT GETS 
Eighteen months and 30 miles away from where presidential campaign the issue that has dogged the Democratic candidate from the start caught up with her on when director announced the was reviewing newly discovered emails relating to her personal reviewing new emails related to investigation campaign live Read know from leaked emails that even closest friends thought it was to secretly communicate via a private computer server while working as secretary of state. we actually know who told she could use a private wrote close aide and transition team member in a 2015 note recently revealed by has that person been drawn and Like whole thing is fucking for in the eventually decided to let this potentially illegal evasion of security protocol pass with a sharp wrap on the was an audible intake of breath among campaign followers in the when her for being in her handling of classified but his decision not to recommend criminal charges brought to an end the one threat deemed capable of preventing her from becoming president. That at until dropped a fresh bombshell. The letter he released to Congress on revealing the existence of potentially significant new evidence may or not have any legal bearing on whether charges are again possible. It certainly had a political lead over Trump appears to narrow in opinion polls Read was in the air when the letter leaked. An outage meant she may not have discovered its existence at all until her plane landed in Cedar for a campaign stop just down the road from her very first event as a candidate on 14 was a long delay in her leaving the plane as aides urgently gathered to discuss the issue. A planned with had to be cut short. Her opponent wasted no time pointing out that it is never a good look for a presidential candidate to be under criminal investigation by the corruption is on a scale we have never seen was predictable hyperbole at a rally minutes later in New must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval rushed to downplay its significance on as campaign John suggested may have been by aggressive Republicans into announcing a relatively minor wrinkle for the sake of investigation had still not officially been so it is also oversimplifying to as many initially that it has been The fact that the evidence in question reportedly comes from a separate investigation into a sex scandal engulfing the estranged of husband of one of key should make it less relevant to her security not there is little doubt it gives everyone something to talk about in the 11 days left before election day. Unless the moves far faster than is normal to clarify that there is nothing new of significance Democrats may also struggle to come up with convincing answers to questions that will undoubtedly weigh on the minds of some elections 
I love a television show that makes people and particularly one that makes its viewers ask the big questions. The new western drama is and my new with its grandiose concerns about playing God and how sentient a sentient creation should be. Tapping into a worry first planted in me by an illicit sleepover viewing of Terminator it is a exploration of what happens when we evolve too and what happens if we give robots guns. If you are watching it and not starting to eye up your with then you are not paying with the new episodes of Black Mirror on which seems to have caused people to start noticing their daily Black Mirror moments. Did you give star ratings to that book you bought on in the same way that they reviewed people in the first Did you experience feelings of loss and disappointment because an shot of a very funny letter to your local newspaper did not get as many likes as you thought it Played a stunningly realistic session of Uncharted 4 where the tropical trees looked as if they could have been Fallen in love wearing stonewashed Black Black Black would love to find the core truth about my own relationship to technology within these modern moral but I have that my issues are far more basic. All I want is for technology to stop trying to be my and to give me a bit of personal is another television show that was prescient about the demands of technology on our lives the sitcom Absolutely Fabulous. In when it was at its they aired an episode that still rings 21 years later. Eddy gets herself the latest a personal diary that beeps at her when she is supposed to wake have etc. Its primary function is to schedule her every activity and movement. At the start of the it is the height of luxury and the future. Near the Eddy take the pressure of being told where to be and what to do every five seconds. She and chucks it out of the me back my are being hassled and nagged by the technology that is supposed to make our lives better and more convenient. says Hello in the morning and asks us how we are. But its attempts at chirpy human touches making us more connected none of the humans I know are they are making me feel suspicious about why it needs to and bad about neglecting it. And the reason I have little desire to tell how I am at the moment is mainly because its current thing to do is to remind me of how awful I was back in when I wrote in the third person and mainly complained about feeling unwell. Using On This a hideous ghost of reminded me that a decade I felt the need to tell my feed that I had bought a ukulele. it reminded me that a decade I bought a ukulele. It knew what it was is becoming less a convenient way of getting what we need while living a busy and more a constant act of evading the shame of targeted ads based on a whim we might once have had. creepy habit of sending an email of a listing you looked at telling you that it is still for sale if you are is just an unnecessary reminder of follies. I want to buy a Princess I just wondered if such a thing and in what and Eddy thought a timed alarm was imagine how she would survive in an age of health I tried a for the first time which silently worked away under my pillow and told me that I slept which made me worried enough about sleeping badly to sleep even more badly. I want to tell me that exceeded my sugar allocation for the day by nor do I want to lie to it about having had one biscuit instead of three. not ducking sorry and I already bought that which as good as the fancy one showing me so thanks for reminding me that I made a mistake by phones are growing ever more useful with each taking care of more of what they think we and our browsers and algorithms are becoming more but the is starting to become unbearable. Technology is a needy puppy that let you go into the next room without nipping at your a constant request for more. But as I I have been greatly enjoying this new series of Black recommended to me by my close personal friend who knows everything about 
Throughout her presidential has said that she supports the second amendment rights of gun many gun rights advocates say they fear she will reopen the door for cities and states to ban private ownership of pointing to her repeated comments questioning a key US supreme court decision on gun ownership. Even liberal second amendment experts have called some of explanations of her position one law professor who supports gun rights put on guns is like a Republican politician who claims she supports abortion even as she opposes Roe v Wade. At the final presidential debate last reiterated her position that the supreme court was wrong in its 2008 decision in District of v which overturned ban on handgun as well as a law that required other guns in homes to be a controversial 5-4 the court ruled that have a constitutional right to have and use firearms in their homes for had dodged giving a clear answer about her opinion of the ongoing case during a presidential primary debate in early though she suggested that the supreme court would probably find a full ban on handguns unconstitutional. But in the Free Beacon told an audience at a private event that supreme court is wrong on the second amendment. And I am going to make that case every chance I an opinion that is shared by many people including some of the liberal justices on the supreme who argued in their dissent that the second amendment was intended to protect the right of people in each state to form not to limit ability to regulate civilian gun ownership. But that particular view is not one that is popular with the general public. A poll from 2008 found that of believed the second amendment the rights of to own has stopped short of calling for the supreme court to reverse itself she told Fox News in that she did not want to see the Heller decision overturned. During last she said that she supports individual right to bear comments questioning Heller have given the National Rifle Association and Trump continuing fuel for their argument that what she really wants to do is overturn Heller and the door for cities and states to private gun Twitter How could defeat the gun argument has made repeatedly including at last debate is that she disagrees with the supreme court ruling because of her concern that it might undermine the ability of states and cities to pass safe storage laws to keep guns away from as well as other disagreed with the way the court applied the second amendment in that because what the District of was trying to do was to protect toddlers from guns and so they wanted people with guns to safely store said. the court accept that reasonable an explanation that fits narrative of being a champion of safety. But several attempts to challenge safe storage laws in court after the Heller decision have most recently in in to the litigation director at the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence. That safe storage law was very similar to previous storage but it included an explicit exemption for other stated gun control priorities including expanded background checks on gun a federal ban on assault and tightening restrictions on gun ownership by domestic abusers are not currently threatened by the Heller decision. to spend on ads to defeat in key states Read campaign has not responded to repeated requests over the past six months to clarify whether or not she believes that cities and states should be allowed to ban campaign has accused her of and when he claimed that she wanted the second amendment and your guns the largest gun control groups have moved on from the fight over the controversial Heller arguing that the gun laws they support are fully consistent with the supreme ruling that have the right to have guns in the home for of the largest national gun control the Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence and the for Gun both said in that the Heller decision was completely compatible with the gun legislation they support. supports the right of gun owners to have a gun in the home for as articulated in legal said in a statement in in the decision is inconsistent with commonsense laws to prevent gun Heller was a crucial symbolic victory for gun rights advocates in terms of constitutional it has had little impact on the broader landscape of gun laws. Lower courts have upheld the vast majority of gun control laws challenged under Heller. not clear why has taken a more aggressive line in questioning Heller than mainstream gun control groups have done. In one of senior policy advisers told overturning safe storage worries that Heller may open the door to overturning common sense safety measures in the said in an emailed statement to a law professor and prominent gun rights said may be by her previous statements about Heller. think the arguments making sound like ways to try to minimize the damage to her from past he said. and the attorney who successfully argued the Heller case in front of the supreme both said they doubted claim that she truly supports an individual right to gun ownership. you were to support abortion but for overturning Roe v Wade and Planned Parenthood v then what kind of abortion rights are you said. called endorsement of an individual right can regulate things out of existence and can still pretend that you support the underlying Twitter The constitutional right of to bear arms has become a in the presidential contest between and Trump. via a legal historian and second amendment expert at said it was fair for gun rights advocates to question if wanted to ban but doubted that she would actually take such an extreme position. that in what she she is way out of line with the mainstream thinking on this both jurisprudentially and public which would be very odd for said. tended to hew to mainstream liberal policy not stake out bold he said. more likely explanation is some confusion But description of the Heller case as being about trying protect toddlers from did not help candidate could have made plenty of valid critiques of Heller. went for what was the most simplistic and that played right into the hands of people who were saying she was being have largely given the benefit of the doubt on her sometimes statements about the second amendment a choice that may have helped fuel conservative perceptions that the media has been biased against Trump and for At the same the has given the candidate no benefit of the doubt. gun rights community always needs somebody to and is the obvious candidate. In that it really matter what she says on the said a political scientist who has written extensively on gun has that the second amendment is on the ballot in since the next president will get to nominate a supreme court justice to replace a gun rights champion and the author of the Heller who died in Asked about assertion that she believes in an individual right to own an spokeswoman said that words ring and that have it both believes that the supreme court got it wrong on which means she does not believe you have an individual right to own a firearm in your home for Baker said after last debate. opinion on the second amendment may ultimately be less consequential than gun rights advocates or than liberals might hope. Among second amendment the most common opinion is that even a supreme court with several appointees is unlikely to overturn the Heller decision though it might try to water down the full implications of the ruling. a law professor who wrote a book on the Heller said earlier this year that it was lack of political support in Congress and in not the supreme Heller that was standing in the way of progress on new gun laws. Heller would be a huge mistake. a real possibility of a he said. gun rights movement is very well organized in all 50 states. If the court were to overturn Heller there would a very rapid response by the National Rifle Association for a constitutional amendment strengthening gun gun elections 
It is make your mind up time for A incrementally United or a US flirting with a dystopia from the pen of a King or A serious but flawed Democratic or a Republican whose election would be the sum of all the the only on we had a we would use it to elect as president on She has a thoughtful and ambitious policy agenda for inequalities and injustices. She has an internationalist outlook. She has responded to concerns about her cautious by committing to more radical plans. She is eminently prepared and qualified for the job. She is a fitting successor to And it is high time there was a woman Trump poses the greatest threat to all our futures Letters Read these can now be added the fact as of she is no longer under investigation. The just over a week before that a new batch of emails was being investigated at an extraordinary misjudgment by the director It triggered nine days that needlessly shook US narrowed the polls and may have shaped the election. Now the bureau has said will face no further investigation or charges over her use of a private email server. bears a share of responsibility for bringing this storm on herself. But the essential fact is that she is in the thing that stares in the face on a election is that the only alternative to is Trump. It needs to be said at this fateful that Trump is not a fit and proper person for the presidency. He is an irascible egomaniac. He is uninterested in the world. He has fought a campaign of abuse and riddled with racism and misogyny. He offers not a He propagates ignorance and prejudice. He brings no sensibility to the contest except boundless He panders to everything that is worst in human nature and spurns all that is is far from perfect. But Trump plumbs the depths of imperfection in ways that have no precedent in modern politics. All countries from time to time produce leaders who are ignorant or vain or who lack intellectual judgment or personal grace. But Trump is the first candidate to get so close to power who has no experience of the practicalities of politics and and who does not seem to care about them either. If he is elected president it will send the worst possible message to about and an even worse one to the rest of the are three particular ways in which electing Trump is a step that should be spurned by any responsible voter. it would mean a president governing with a Congress. Trump and the Republican establishment have many but they would find no difficulty cutting taxes for the richest or sparking an aggressive trade war with former partners. They would as a that the conservative majority is restored on the supreme court. Progress on civil rights and equality would be thrown into reverse. Abortion rights would be under threat. Twitter How does the US electoral college election would and would be seen a victory for white over and other ethnic groups. In this campaign Trump has campaigned against insulted stereotyped black people and disrespected at every turn. He has been backed by every white racist in the land. Race remains deep foundation and Trump will deepen electing Trump will make the world an even less safe place. It will threaten US commitment to international including the and support for international norms. It will contribute to instability and set back efforts to solve environmental problems. It will encourage autocratic leaders in places like North and elsewhere. It makes the nurturing of the planet more difficult and the future of the human race more all these should summon a special level of seriousness and display a profound responsibility when they go to the polls. Anything other than a vote for is a vote for conservatism off the a deepened racial divide and a more dangerous planet. The time for messing is over. deserves much better than Trump. So does the world. is much better. So elect elections 
World stock markets surged on as investors grew increasingly confident that will win the US presidential after the said it would take no further action against the Democratic nominee over her use of a private email three main US all ended the day more than following strong gains in markets across the world. The US dollar also strengthened and the oil price ticked up by more than in further signs of confidence in a fear economy and perhaps recession under Trump Read anxiety that the Republican might secure the presidency on had pushed Wall Street lower for the previous nine days the longest losing streak in more than 35 years. Those fears were enhanced following the announcement on 28 that it was reviewing newly discovered on night director told Congress that a review of the new emails not changed our conclusions that we expressed in with respect to secretary campaign was also boosted by early voting especially in a key swing state where turnout is said to be higher than in 2012. Four major polls on showed leading the race for the White House. An Post poll put the Democratic nominee on compared to Trump on The final poll before the election begins put chances of defeating Trump at is certainly a relief rally for investors worldwide were concerned about the uncertainty surrounding said Jack chief investment officer at Private Bank in more subtle is if they are ending this email controversy you are not going to have a cloud hanging over her creating roadblocks to getting things Industrial Average finished the day 371 or higher at 18,260 points. The 500 increased by to 2,132 and the added to 5,166.17. Earlier in the day the 100 in had closed up to 6,807 points its biggest rise since 2 US dollar gained against the sending the value of Sterling to The greenback also rose significantly against the yen and the The which has recently become inversely linked to the probability of a Trump jumped against the dollar to 18.7 pesos to the crude oil gained to a while the price of gold a safe haven in times of anxiety and uncertainty fell by to an ounce. elections 
may be one of most instantly but can be a little snobby about the place. The area has a distinct which you notice as soon as you leave the tube and head past facades adorned with garish murals and enormous signs. no longer as cool as it but most will admit to having hung out here at some watching gigs at clubs and mooching round the markets. Come to and you know what you will market tattoos and of dubious area was part of the first wave of starting in the with the opening of the Roundhouse as a performance followed swiftly by the arrival of Compendium which sold political and avant literature. These gave the place a buzz and new residents were enticed by the stirrings of cheap housing and proximity to central industry started to leave the opportunities arose. An old timber yard by the canal was taken over in 1972 by a group of and on 30 March 1974 they opened the first Lock with 16 stalls. The first food stall arrived shortly opened by a former silver who began selling cakes and pies from a dilapidated old tea stall. Soon other markets opened nearby Union Stables Market and the Canal Market. became increasingly fashionable during the punk The Clash were based nearby and visited markets rapidly expanded as new arrivals began decking out their homes with antiques and crafts. The area became increasingly fashionable during the punk The Clash were based nearby and regularly visited while the Roundhouse and hosted gigs. By the markets were a a fresher alternative to with the music scene giving them a accent throughout is on the fashionable and read a typical listing in a guidebook as tourists flocked to Lock. Drawn by the young moved into Terry postmodern building overlooking Lock in 1993 but by now star was starting to its veneer of cool fading as the high street succumbed to When Compendium closed in 2001 having survived and the shop Prince opened nearby in 1994 it felt like the end of an era. It was replaced by a shop selling boots. Twitter Boots over A stall in Market. still Lock market prevails. Located between Chalk Farm Road and it is said to attract 28 million tourists a who stream towards the canal from the tube station in a multilingual oblivious to diminishing reputation and happy to take in the atmosphere. Lock still features a number of craftsmen and women among the selection of bars and restaurants that spill across cobbled yards and old warehouses. 28 million tourists a year arrive in a multilingual oblivious to diminishing feels but change is coming. Across the road from a pair of cranes tower over a derelict terrace behind which the Canal Market once stood. This is the first stage of a redevelopment project by landowners Market who are planning to transform market by market. At stallholders are worried. Will the new changes kill the place stone not against the way being carried says Bill his real name all the traders interviewed wished to remain anonymous for fear of upsetting Market market requires people to help each other out if somebody runs out of pound coins or runs out of they know they can turn to somebody for help. going out the window because the people at the top support us. We know who to contact when we have a problem. We send an email but never get any response. People are starting to assume the Twitter Market designs for its Market project. stallholders expressed similar worried about Market plans for their previously independent space. When would the new development and what would it mean for their current Would more brands appear at the Why the obsession with food and And why are traders insisting that nobody from Market Tech sufficiently appreciates their Market Tech issued a statement insisting that its market manager enjoys a and positive with and the company is committed to building and maintaining rich heritage and unique to develop a vibrant and creative atmosphere and a place for and small businesses to entity we call Market is actually several markets in the area. In Market Tech began buying four of the sites Canal Stables Market and Union Street Market uniting them under a single owner for the first time. Market owned by businessman Teddy has bought other including a stretch of high the Barfly club and the Open University building. made his fortune through gambling company which he founded in 1999 following a short spell in an prison for manipulating bond is Market cranes that loom over Chalk Farm where they are in the process of redeveloping the old Canal Market into Wharf. This will be completed in 2018 and will feature a new 195 private and affordable a open refurbished railway arches and a primary school. At Union the plan is to sweep away the ramshackle old market and construct a market block with boutique hotel. Twitter had been a drain of craftspeople from Mike via at Lock are the schemes with concern. In Market Tech secured planning permission to replace a block from the with new retail and office adding a new bridge and improving access from the high street. These the company on a sensitive approach to improving access to the market and the with a design that will preserve and enhance the fantastic heritage of its which is integral to its also promised to resurrect a stretch of covered canal known as Dead Dog as well as the miles of tunnels collectively known as the Catacombs. Since everything has gone no communication about the no reassurances or explanations about what is says a longtime who points out that several traders will lose their shops in this development. a disparaging way of treating food market in the cobbled West Yard has been managed by specialists since the when the existing food stalls were given notice or invited to at increased rates. says that after a rigorous consultation more than half of previous traders were offered a space in the food or an alternative space is basically being sublet to says who has worked at the market since the indicates to me how want to run the market they will franchise out different bits so they become somebody responsibility. I never liked the food offering because it mix well with retail. a better not as cramped but still poorly and they treated people so Twitter A selling bootleg cassette tapes in the traders agree that Lock needed to change. Its popularity can make it with crowds jostling in cramped yards and spilling over the causing occasional conflict with cyclists and joggers. Lock has traditionally fostered a separate and somewhat more refined identity to the Stables but now they are under the same ownership those lines are blurred. Older traders decry the arrival of stalls selling touristy while pointing out the idiosyncratic delights still to be found among the alleys and passages. a shop in leather bags and another selling vintage board several record clothes antiques stalls and selling handmade designs. Tourists soak up the eat some food but actually buy anything into this tight network have recently encroached brands such as Storm and Irregular Choice. Traders fear this will change the nature of the market and lead to rent increases. they are trying to do is open up the market to the high and a good idea in says Bill. you want the market to the high street a different concern is the increased focus on food and the with parts of the market area being regularly fenced off for events. said they wanted to open it make the market less encourage craftspeople to return and make it more attractive to says it needed tourists soak up the atmosphere and eat some but they actually buy anything. There had been a drain of craftspeople because the previous management let the quality of goods have been whispers that remaining craftsmen and women will be transferred to in the proposed new so tourists can ogle them working monkeys in a Tech is also trying to persuade traders to sign up to its own electronic system. going to be written into our contracts that we have to use a tablet they provide that will be connected to their so they know the details of every explains are also proposing we use their payment system this is how shopping are they take a cut of turnover rather than Market Tech says the system is provided at zero and will improve the experience of shoppers by allowing them to pay for anything by card. fear they will be selected for their turnover rather than the quality of their punk to share your memories of Market Read want us to do things that only small chains can like marketing ourselves complains a craftsman based in the covered Market Hall. have time to do this sort of thing. This new payment system it works for the new businesses they are bringing the small but not us. It is very difficult for all of these fears could be groundless. Market plans do not entail such a radical restructuring of Lock that it will be wiped from the map. But it will be changed claim that nobody at Market Tech answers emails or holds group and that with such a high turnover of stallholders have no idea who to talk to. Market Tech insists there has been consultation with existing the local interest and conservation and visitors to the but the five traders interviewed said that communication was virtually nil. been a deliberate break with the we always had regular meetings says before hitting on the issue that seems to be at the heart of the Market controversy. who have worked here for 15 or 20 years deserve more credit and 
Betting on an automated driving in 2015 may not have been the most intuitive gamble at a time when and had already declared that vehicles were among their top research priorities. But in the fall of Spark Capital was one of a few established venture capital firms to wade into the helping lead a million investment in Cruise a based in whose software helps cars pilot themselves. One of partners became the only outside board member of the firm. It was a bet that paid off Within six Cruise sold itself to General Motors for about billion. Investing in a company like Cruise might once have seemed unusual for an firm that first gained prominence by investing in consumer companies like Twitter and the site But as the world continues to move away from easily definable consumer or corporate products and investors have had to take paths. And so which formally announced on its two latest investment with a combined billion in has backed Cruise as well as some other eclectic an upstart stock exchange called and whose software helps police departments organize their records. Those investments sit alongside bets on more recognizable companies like the popular messaging and the home furnishings which is now publicly traded. one knows what the next big platform a Spark said. is a new market The which has expanded to and New from its home base in has had some big wins. one of the first was acquired by Yahoo for almost billion. where Spark also got in on the ground went public in 2013 with a market valuation of over billion. And the maker of virtual reality sold itself to for billion. Not all of bets have paid off. The firm was an early backer of a that has lost much of its popularity and whose valuation was cut in half by Many of the venture capital firms live on the fabled Sand Hill Road in but Spark was born in in 2005. Two veteran venture and said they believed that as the bust receded from the time had come to make bets on consumer companies once more. And they persuaded a longtime acquaintance and to come on board. Relatively few such as Union Square Ventures in New were ready to jump back into the consumer even as and were on the ascent. think the lesson drawn from 2005 said. In founding and the idea was to create a firm that was different from many traditional venture capital where partners specialized enterprise software or clean energy investments. each partner can bring any idea to the and after the partners decide whether to pursue the opportunity. firms are in a market or a serial entrepreneur who joined Spark in said of other focuses. Investing decisions are often made by reaching without strict voting. partners briefly tried formal voting on investment decisions via Slack but quickly scrapped the entrepreneurs get married to you get married to the whole said. The earliest and bets were grounded in what and called an appreciation for good product design. That has remained a the two whether applied to a computer security or the automated investments firm my very smart and helpful and really thoughtful about products and John a partner at Partners who worked with as a fellow investor in said in an email. All Spark oversees billion in investment funds and has expanded the number of partners. is a former senior executive at while came over from Like other venture Spark broadened its focus and added a growth fund aimed at older companies in need of bigger sums of money. To lead the Spark hired G. a serial entrepreneur who got his start at to work out of its New and later Ms. to be based in and offer her insight as a former product designer for and the payments company Square. The firm will now have more money to invest. Its fifth venture announced will have million under and its second growth fund will have million. partners insist that the firm is unafraid of pushing into new without slavish regard for whether there is an easily defined market for a products. The Twitter would not have been made if the firm had been focused that way. He also said that Spark tried to avoid investment fads. not ambulance though he added that the firm has invested in what became hot deals. On the flip some of its picks have been more esoteric. In Spark invested in the first major round of then just a promising that subsequently became a sensation on the site Other venture firms joined and surprised many by selling itself to a year later. Spark was also one of the first venture firms to pour money into which was explicitly designed as the opposite of trading and gained fame as the subject of book the Spark partner who led the investment and who learned about from praised the ambitions to shake up the world of stock market trading and the quality of its founders. And then there is the Cruise. Kyle one of its recalled meeting several times with and forming a personal connection. Several days after their third or fourth came back with a financial model and analysis that proved to be accurate. the and they took the time to go said.
Twice a week we publish problems that will feature in a forthcoming Dear advice column in the Guardian so that readers can offer their own advice and suggestions. We then print the best of your comments alongside own insights. I became a business analyst how a business works to identify any changes that need to be after leaving university and am now in my late an area always interested in because it combines analytical thinking crucially for interaction with the workers who can both suggest changes and who have to carry them out. It is practical and started out in staff jobs but found there were more opportunities on projects with different companies move from firm to the work with the formulate an outcome and move on. by five years ago I became a worker in the banking sector. It is well paid and I could afford a few weeks off between contracts relatively until the next job I wanted came along. I used this time to do a distance learning degree in international which has added to my this for the first I am seriously considering a change of career. In I feel I have no choice. I finished my last contract in spring 2016 and since then ... the contract market overall seems dead with less vacancies in plus thousands of contractors and perms out looking. As a business there are fewer vacancies because companies and the government starting new projects guess this is the hangover from the decision. my department and role have moved into a combined IT which seems an industry trend. This is not a great fit for me as I have an IT background and the methods of working leave me feeling I am in the wrong which I did not feel before. always been people and under the new way of working interaction is limited. We are expected to write software specifications and test systems. This is not something I have done before and not the direction I want my career to go have to face the fact the old model is largely outmoded and most job adverts are for hybrid business and systems analyst types. Where you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply 
The is investigating newly discovered emails related to personal its director has to reopen investigation of private email server campaign live Read had announced in that its investigation into the Democratic presidential private email server had concluded with a recommendation of no criminal charges in the although the as in a letter sent to members of Congress on said new emails had been discovered in an connection with an unrelated the has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the wrote. am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this and I agreed that the should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information as well as to assess their importance to our the cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant and I cannot predict how long it will take to complete this additional I believe it is important to update your Committees about our efforts in light of my previous an evening press conference in briefly addressed the letter to reporters. people deserve to get the full and complete facts she said. director himself has said he know whether the emails referenced in his letter are significant or confident whatever they are will not change the conclusion reached in she alluding to finding of email practices but no criminal also remarked on the telling system might not be as rigged as I US security source firmly ruled out that the referred to in his letter was the investigation into the hacking of the Democratic National Committee earlier this year. US intelligence officials have blamed for hacking the and releasing its internal communications who would not speak on the said neither that inquiry nor its adjuncts were related to the new investigative developments related to Nor is the recent criminal investigation into a National Security Agency contractor accused of hoarding highly classified intelligence the Associated citing an unnamed claimed the newly discovered emails not come from her private Several outlets have reported that the emails came from devices seized from top aide and her former congressman in connection to an investigation of inappropriate text messages that sent to an underage letter from comes 11 days before the presidential election and nearly four months after the director announced the bureau would not recommend criminal charges against for what it dubbed use of a private email server while secretary of state. The director said there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a was campaigning in It was not immediately clear if she would address the matter publicly and she ignored shouted questions from reporters waiting on the airport tarmac. She did not raise the issue after taking the stage in Cedar sticking with her routine stump she referred to the news only have got to keep our foot on the gas. Trump says he can still win and he is right. You know this has been such an unusual election. I take any anyone or anything for granted. I am going to work as hard as I can until the campaign John called on to provide the public more information than is contained in the letter he sent to eight Republican committee we have seen characterizations that the is an but words do not match that he said. letter refers to emails that have come to light in an unrelated but we have no idea what those emails are and the director himself notes they may not even be added that he was this will not produce any conclusions different from the one the reached in running senator told reporters he had to a little when asked about the matter on the campaign trail in fell more than 100 points after the release of letter. Twitter Trump gleefully responds to new probe into controversy over use of a private email server while at the state department has loomed over her candidacy since before she even announced her intent to seek the White House in use of a email server left emails containing classified information potentially vulnerable to foreign and her deletion of 33,000 emails deemed personal has been a major campaign took the stage to a cheering crowd in New shortly after the news broke. are reopening the case into her criminal and illegal conduct that threatens the security of the United States of the Republican nominee said to loud chants of her continued to assail his rival in deeply personal terms. corruption is on a scale we have never seen before we must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Trump said. who has long claimed that the former secretary of state was only allowed to run for the White House because of a have great respect for the fact that the and Department of Justice are now willing to have the courage to right the horrible mistake that they running governor Mike also pounced on the news while campaigning in bringing the crowd to its feet when informing supporters of the announcement. commend the for having the courage to reopen this because no one is above the Pence Republican nominee also called on the to make public all emails pertinent to the a the House condemned behavior. has nobody but herself to blame. She was entrusted with some of our most important and she betrayed that trust by carelessly mishandling highly classified V The is reopening its investigation into email server. Here's the letter from the to lawmakers questioned the timing of the with less than two weeks remaining until the is doing this just 11 days before the John the Republican in the tweeted. would reopen investigation unless there is evidence of more than in handling classified senator a ally and the senior Democrat on the intelligence proclaimed herself by behavior. had praised in for a objective after the director declined to recommend an indictment over private email had right into the political campaign of adding that his departure from the of extreme caution near Election was also complained in private that letter was vague and raised more questions than it Republican National Committee was quick to cast the announcement as a reopening of the investigation into whether engaged in criminal behavior even though the nature of the new inquiry remained decision to reopen their criminal investigation into secret email server just 11 days before the election shows how serious this discovery must the said in a statement. stunning development raises serious questions about what records may not have been turned over and and whether they show intent to violate the indisputable is that jeopardized classified information on thousands of occasions in her reckless attempt to hide corruption at her State he added. alone should be disqualifying for anyone seeking the a job that is supposed to begin each morning with a top secret intelligence elections 
I remember taking a a few months after you when a thought reduced me to tears. I was ambling along a bridge that divided my apartment building from your former nursing home and I never going to see me as a person in that I thought I was in love. Maybe I was. My feelings for an unavailable man consumed me in a way nothing else had or should. I know how to be apart from my thoughts about but I know how to be with him either. All my relationships were suffering as a result. Though you loved and cared for so many in your I always felt that you also understood this kind of solitude you and I had lived together in your apartment for the summer. I cared for you as your was taking a turn for the and I was between between between everything. We sat down for one of those rambling chats you loved. You were always a natural storyteller. The words coming so freely any especially in but you talked. I loved listening to you told me that you were worried about me. Because some people naturally gravitate towards marriage and but I talk to myself. I knew what you and it was true. The running feedback loop of thoughts and writing that had accompanied me on my journey made it difficult for me to know how to let anybody else you loved and cared for so many in your long I always felt that you also understood this kind of solitude well. Maybe this is one of the reasons why our bond was always so deep and also told me that not for the first about your first the man who was not my who came from whom war and death and circumstances tore you apart. You described this love with a sparkle in your eyes. This I asked what been afraid to ask you you ever fall in love with my never forget your is what you Love is not one I understood from you. One great love have to overwhelm you and swallow and all future possibility of whole. Life evolves and the nature of our love evolves with and our capacity to love never but we have to find that capacity deep within ourselves. This is where the secret to happiness and it will carry you through darker need you to know that it took a but my relationship to love grew stronger. The relationship I had with the unavailable man along with my and just about everything else. I went on my own for and made a point of steering away from romantic did many things I had never done before. thinking less about what I should be doing and more about what I was doing having connecting with fascinating rekindling my wonder for is amazing who you will attract into your life when you are kinder to yourself. And I did. About a week before my scheduled flight home. Our paths crossed in a garden and the puzzle pieces seemed already in place. It was easy. Even when it was hard. We have vastly different backgrounds and were more or less headed to opposite sides of the Earth. But we chose to make the decisions that would allow us to stay together and give things a years we have we have dug we have worked through many of our own demons and the ones we stirred up together. We did all this knowing what trust and unconditional love feels like. Because this is the love I made. Against whatever am 42 now. been almost 10 years since you died. I have your exact streak like a zebra stripe down the left side of my hair. I used to marvel at yours when I was little. People who seen me in a long time mention our resemblance. Thank you so much for loving and always holding my hand on the path to We will pay for every Letter to we publish. Please write about 600-700 words. Write to Family The Kings 90 or email Please include your address and phone letter to and 
The Guardian has teamed up with Old Mutual Wealth to offer readers the chance to give a child between the ages of seven and 13 the chance to be the Old Mutual Wealth ball carrier at for the England v match on 26 The winner gets to walk out onto the pitch ahead of the players and deliver the match ball. The ball carrier will also receive four tickets to watch the England v match as well for the ball carrier and three for The youngster will also get to keep a as a further memento of their experience on the day. To answer this question and The competition is closed to employees of any company in the Guardian Media Group and any person in the reasonable should be excluded due to their involvement or connection with this promotion. Entrants must be 18 or Answer the question correctly and complete your personal details on the form and your details will be entered into a free prize draw. Only one entry per Entries must be made personally. Entries made through parties are invalid. Entry indicates acceptance of terms and The prize a place for a child between the ages of seven and 13 to be the ball carrier at for the England v match on 26 and four tickets to watch the one of which is for the child who carries the ball. Travel to and from the venue is not nor is No purchase necessary to enter. Fill in the application form with the necessary name and mobile All entries must be received by midday on 23 2016.7. The winner will be notified before on 24 2016 by telephone or email. Prize details can be obtained by writing to Guardian Sport at Guardian News Media Kings 90 Stamped addressed envelope Winners will be the first entry drawn at random from all qualifying entries by an independent judge on 23 2016. The decision is There is no cash or other alternative to these prizes in whole or in part. Prize is not transferable in whole or in part. Prize is not for The winners will be required to participate in all required including any presentation The decision of the promoter in all matters is final and binding and no correspondence will be entered The promoter is not responsible for any third party acts or We cannot guarantee that the event will be free from failings or cancellations. We are not liable for such failings or cancellations unless they are caused by our negligence. Any requests for refunds or compensation arising from them should be sent to the operator of the event. We can provide you with their details on The promoter reserves the right to cancel or amend this promotion due to events or circumstances arising beyond its The prize is subject to the terms and conditions listed accepts no responsibility for any injury or disappointment incurred or suffered by you as a result of entering the Competition or accepting the prize. further disclaims liability for any injury or damage to your or any other computer relating to or resulting from participation in or downloading any materials in connection with the Competition. Nothing shall exclude the liability of for death or personal injury as a result of either reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or temporarily or this Competition with or without prior notice due to reasons outside its The Competition will be governed by law. Guardian News Media Kings 90 rugby union 
Someone threw a on to the playing field. It happened last during the third quarter of a nationally televised game between the Buffalo Bills and the New England Patriots. Millions of rolled their eyes and thought to that about sums it who threw A obviously. Someone fed up with all the degradation women have been subjected to in this the whole septic undertow of sludge currently spewing into the and Pacific. one lone heroine stood up and hurled an allegorical on to a football where it got trampled by 22 pairs of male was it a A lifelong who has watched his industrial prowess Maybe his daddy made and his granddaddy made and then became senator and all those jobs moved overseas. And now these New England Patriots east coast intellectual elites show up with their Tom and humiliate Buffalo on their home field. in a desperate act of an angry man hurls an inferior at the A way of Revolution Has no it was a political event. are frustrated and they are throwing fed up and they give a ass if the rest of the world is laughing at them. The air of is no longer alive in most places in We are sleepwalking into oblivion and for like raised in the twilight of a world where being president was still a noble it cuts pretty deep. History has always been able to extract some shred of from the electoral no matter how awful it turned out. But looking as if that warranty has expired and our republic is now an churning through its final rinse cycle. Whatever comes out is going to be foetid and reeking of And gonna have to wear Trump going to enjoy the spectacle of a man wrestling within himself. Driven by inherent he would strive to be The Greatest President a trait we look for in our leaders. But if his temperament he might nuke simply because they lied about the cotton in his on the other is a held together with rivets and She has been encamped in our lives for so long that handing her the presidency somehow feels like a lifetime achievement award. But dirty and corrupt and contemptuous of national security. These are our a pair of assholes. What is an A person who thinks entitled to an advantage. A person who has themselves against all hear your complaints. too caught up in their own ambition. to be an asshole if you have talent. and Miles were but we forgave them because they gave something back. And the reason they were assholes was because they abide anything that got in the way of their talent or vision. But Trump has no talent. And has no vision. No fresh anyway. So the voter has a dilemma. should I go with a businessman who once thought it was a genius idea to sell steaks at The Sharper Or the woman who might as well be reading her emails off the at I know how history is going to this one. greatest attribute has always been its ability to its stupid to turn blunders into cultural gold. We glorify our We downplay our history of and violence until we can find a way to turn it into a blockbuster starring Unlike we always forgive ourselves. But I know how ever going to illuminate Trump or with any kind of flattering historical they have already been encapsulated perfectly in in Back to the Future and in Ordinary am I going to vote Only because she lies less than Trump. tempted to sit this whole thing but I I still believe in the antiquated currency of the ballot. I am as an that two useful idiots have offered themselves up as scapegoats for everything wrong with my country. the beauty of having a president. When the world treating us when the creepy kid at school goes out and shoots up the when up to our asses in floodwater and raw sewage because the county commissioners buy enough sandbags to shore up the who has to show up and The the president crawls into bed and Half the people in the country today called me an bless elections 
In a workshop in West Mountains there is an unlikely source of common ground for Trump and this humble cabinets are crafted for the luxury market by the employees of a who moved to the US in 1987. The eponymous carpentry firm has supplied cabinets for 13 rooms of the private residence in New while the company has also worked with Trump on a penthouse project in New City. were very engaged in the process and enjoyed it tremendously. The experience with Trump was not quite the says Peacock diplomatically. Following the the government will be keen to grease the wheels for a bilateral trade deal with whoever wins the US presidency on 8 The Department for International Trade has already revealed plans to open three new trade offices in the US for those seeking to take advantage of its and the US already have one of the strongest trade and investment relationships in the world estimated to be worth more than every any bilateral trade agreement between the US and could be politically charged if it resembles the controversial Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership proponents of the scheme claimed it would provide a boost to small business in particular by loosening agreement between the US and the on the other may now never see the light of day due to concerns over provisions such as the dispute which would allow companies to sue foreign governments for compensation claiming unfair treatment if they lose a government and US trade negotiators seek to get talks back on track Read chief executive at expects to see an increase in trade between the and US if a and imaginative bilateral economic is the majority of in both countries not currently trading this is a huge untapped market providing massive scope to strengthen and deepen trade says and US enjoy a strong trading relationship. there are still many barriers to trade that affect disproportionately when compared to larger argues that these prohibitive barriers would greatly assist looking to expand the Peacock has found US local government to be amenable to doing whatever it can to make his business succeed. West itself has its own small business department in order to foster in the says the state has been proactive in making his business a success ever since he approached it in the for funding to take over the facility that was threatened with us the conversation flows freely throughout between each department and they are small enough to be approachable and not get stuck in the mud with says states are pretty autonomous in terms of being able to do their own trade without federal says Earl Ray governor of West who was recently in the on a trade delegation. as a state can do business with basically any country that is not at war with the United foresees that trade between local US businesses and the would continue but that multinationals might be affected. have a lot of small businesses in West that export to the and I think those relationships will probably not see any effect They will still be buying and selling. Maybe with some multinationals who are shipping through the to the continent there may be some different relationships I can see where leaving the single market will be a detriment to the simply because there are going to be certain tariffs that raise the price on he adds. trade the challenge of taking back control Read is managing director at email archiving firm which exports servers around the world and derives a fifth of its turnover from North He suspects there will still be opportunities to trade with the regardless of the time it takes to hash out a trade deal. is a good of ours and they do like he says. think from the way we are trading with North IT they probably really care about regulations or trade agreements they are just interested in meeting a has not experienced repercussions from US partners after the referendum but says he has noticed a difference with firms. feel that orders I may have expected to receive might have been delayed because there is some uncertainty. I have found this with a number of different territories throughout says he is by and believes it could ultimately be beneficial for the think it is going to be tough and painful for a he adds. will be a natural shake up of things may be daunting for everybody because it is the but change is good ... small firms metamorphose into what we need to be to take advantage of the those with the the opportunities are trading relationship will largely depend on the shape and scope of a future trade deal and the latent ambition of he says. Those entrepreneurs that their potential could find themselves emulating Peacock by counting the future president of the US among their clients. Sign up to become a member of the Guardian Small Business Network here for more insight and best practice direct to your Small Business to new 
Trump cuts a ceremonial ribbon at the Trump International Hotel in with Republican presidential nominee Trump declared that if he had been president in place of either W. Bush or Captain Khan would be have great respect for the Khan I have great respect for I the son is a great Trump when asked if he should apologize to the Khan family for insinuating that their grief was choreographed by the campaign. if I were president at that Captain Khan would be alive because I have been in who is currently touring on called comments most cruel thing you can no sincerity in those Khan continued. utters these words totally oblivious to the understanding of where we where we what our values and how to be empathetic. There is one character that a leader must have to be the leader of a great to be the leader of the armed forces of the United presidential campaign has announced the location of her Election Night party and it comes with a literal glass will deliver remarks to supporters and volunteers at the K. Convention Center in on according to a release from her campaign. can The Center is a massive convention center on the west side of has been is made entirely of The where is holding her election night has a literal glass ceiling Trump is insisting that he will spend million or more of his own money on his presidential bid. Campaign finance documents show not even the The Republican nominee said in a interview that his personal investment in his campaign will top million. He said to go much higher than Yet finance reports current through Sept. 30 show a billionaire New has put about million into his own campaign. To hit he would have to put another million into his race far more than ever contributed in a single month. congressman who Trump after the release of video in which the Republican presidential nominee bragged about sexually assaulting has announced that he will vote for Trump will not defend or endorse but I am voting for him. is that bad. is bad for the the cited his daughter when he pulled his you think I can look her in the eye and tell her that I endorsed asked. A pair of for the Foundation attempted to steer business opportunities toward former president Bill according to hacked emails obtained by activist group In the Band explained how he helped the foundation and former and found donors among his own clients. Band responded to the review by appreciate the unorthodox nature of our and the goal of seeking ways to ensure we are implementing best practices to protect the status of the according to the an businessman and ally of the introduced a senior Group Bob to at a charitable event. subsequently asked to support the foundation also encouraged to invite President to give several paid which he has according to the memo. earned million from those campaign has refused to confirm or deny the authenticity of this or any hacked emails obtained by Speaking with Republican presidential nominee Trump declared that if he had been president in place of either W. Bush or Captain Khan would be have great respect for the Khan I have great respect for I the son is a great Trump when asked if he should apologize to the Khan family for insinuating that their grief was choreographed by the campaign. if I were president at that Captain Khan would be alive because I have been in an assiduous countered that Trump in support the war in before it never get it I was opposed to the war in Trump falsely. from the beginning that was way before the war and that was the first time I was ever even asked about and I gave a who That was way before. If you look at just before the war I do a gonna destabilize the Middle From the I was opposed to the war in record on the matter has been exhaustively In an interview in before the invasion of radio host Stern asked you for invading I guess I been Captain Khan would be alive Trump continued. have been in this horrible the war in who is currently touring on called comments most cruel thing you can no sincerity in those Khan continued. utters these words totally oblivious to the understanding of where we where we what our values and how to be empathetic. There is one character that a leader must have to be the leader of a great to be the leader of the armed forces of the United he totally lacks I would stand up to Trump and again and Read more about getting in a fistfight with I dream about that kinda stuff. Mister Tough Guy. I would dream about that. Speaking in North Trump was swiftly interrupted by a who he accused of being a campaign you paid to be a Trump said. he Get him out get him out. then marched around the platform while the was escorted did you see through we found out that was paying people plus an to go out and be violent at our Trump referring to a discredited conspiracy theory espoused by of Project a disgrace a found our people were very tough they found that Republican presidential nominee Trump has a long history of making suggestive some might say creepy and comments about his eldest Trump. But a newly unearthed interview from 2013 shows the tycoon making the connection much more the 2013 interview on the obtained by Us asked then her favorite thing that she had in common with her real estate or then asked the elder then the same I was going to say but I relate that to Trump pointing to who appeared embarrassed by the comment. Nearly half an hour after he was scheduled to Republican presidential nominee Trump has emerged from his private jet in North to speak to a smallish rally of supporters at an are going to win North and we are going to win back the White House believe It was once a brand synonymous with gold and a sign of guaranteed opulence if not necessarily good taste. the taint of sexual assault claims and alleged racism hung over the formal opening of the latest building to bear the Trump the Republican presidential newest hotel in Trump opens his newest hotel with his family. 723 short steps along Avenue from the White this may be the closest Trump comes to the heart of political power this but the glitzy launch was meant to be the highlight of his business during inauguration week in were marketed at up to each. During a soft launch in Trump ensured media coverage by using the occasion to finally admit he had been wrong to doubt right to weeks of political scandal appear to have taken their toll on the brand. During the recent meetings in usually the busiest week of the year for luxury hotels in the rooms could be found at a significant discount compared to its Trump was boasting of the walls during the sound of political protest out on the street could be heard from inside the lobby. star on the Walk of Fame was destroyed by a vandal with a sledgehammer and candidate sounded wistful and unusually subdued as he took a break from the campaign trail to attend the launch. the notable exception of 1600 this is the most coveted location in The best said the struggling great was watered perhaps succumbing to criticism that it implies the country is no longer at its best. United States is great. Its people are said during brief political remarks that followed the Trump lends name to new hotel so near and so far from White House Read more Watch it live For those outside of the United States so Saving Time switches on 6. That's this presidential campaign is an hour longer than you 2016 on Last night was You they kept 15,000 outside. They actually did this they said we they allowed 15,000 in. They afraid of a Can you Because there were so many if there were a stampede be in trouble. Even out of Love can kill too. Trump dismissed the expertise of former Army War College dean telling that can tell your military expert that sit down and teach him a couple of had said that recent comments declaring that the current battle for control of is a betrays a lack of knowledge on military J. Trump attack on is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN been hearing about now for three Trump reiterating his longstanding point that the essence of military strategy is surprise. going to attack. going to Meaning going to attack but with us. going to attack. Why do they have to talk about of Trump said. of the reasons they wanted they wanted to get leaders who they thought you in Those people have all left. As soon as they heard gonna be they left. The resistance is much greater now because they knew about the attack. Why they win first and talk Throughout her presidential has said that she supports the second amendment rights of gun many gun rights advocates say they fear she will reopen the door for cities and states to ban private ownership of pointing to her repeated comments questioning a key US supreme court decision on gun ownership. Even liberal second amendment experts have called some of explanations of her position one law professor who supports gun rights put on guns is like a Republican politician who claims she supports abortion even as she opposes Roe v the final presidential debate last reiterated her position that the supreme court was wrong in its 2008 decision in District of v which overturned ban on handgun as well as a law that required other guns in homes to be a controversial 5-4 the court ruled that have a constitutional right to have and use firearms in their homes for had dodged giving a clear answer about her opinion of the ongoing case during a presidential primary debate in early though she suggested that the supreme court would probably find a full ban on handguns unconstitutional. But in the Free Beacon told an audience at a private event that supreme court is wrong on the second amendment. And I am going to make that case every chance I an opinion that is shared by many people including some of the liberal justices on the supreme who argued in their dissent that the second amendment was intended to protect the right of people in each state to form not to limit ability to regulate civilian gun that particular view is not one that is popular with the general public. A poll from 2008 found that of believed the second amendment the rights of to own gun rights advocates don't trust on the second amendment Read more With less than two weeks before the general campaign deployed one of its most potent weapons in the fight against Republican presidential nominee the father of a war hero killed in the line of duty. Father of you have sacrificed a Gold Star father whose impassioned speech on the final night of the Democratic National Convention helped knock Trump down to his current position in the presidential spoke on behalf to and guests of a mosque in home to the largest naval base and more than 60,000 active duty military courage speak against Khan said at the first of three stops in Khan made on courage was given to ask would I do it Khan continued. million times again and again and again up until hatred and political bigotry is wiped out of this United we will continue to Marine captain was killed in 2004 by a car bomb after instructing the soldiers under his command to fall back from the vehicle. Khan was posthumously awarded the Bronze Star and the Purple and is buried in nearby National his standing beside Khan excoriated Trump in a speech at the in describing his family as with undivided loyalty to our whose son would never have been able to serve his country had proposed ban on entering the United States been in it was up to he never would have been in Khan said at the time. Trump consistently smears the character of He disrespects other even his own party leadership. He vows to build walls and ban us from this Democratic presidential nominee leads Republican rival Trump by 9 points in battleground New but is with him in according to two new Street polls out this the Granite which gave Trump his first victory in the Republican leads with the support of of likely trailed by Trump with a mere Libertarian nominee holds the support of of likely and Stein of the Green Party has is up seven points from the most recent Street Journal poll of New which showed her lead at a mere two the race is much Incumbent Republican leads the race for reelection to the US Senate with the support of of likely with Democratic challenger at battleground and Trump are tied with support from likely voters each. holds and Stein is not on the ballot. In an exclusive interview with Mark Republican presidential nominee Trump dismissed polls showing Democratic rival on the verge of an electoral landslide in the upcoming presidential are gonna Trump said. think going to do fantastically in I think winning North Trump naming two states where he has led in a single poll stretching back Trump is in the popularity of his campaign know the reason why they get Trump of the lines outside his most recent rallies.
called the murder of two police officers in and and promised that as president she would bring the weight of the against anyone who killed a police officers were shot and killed while sitting in their police cars early on in attacks in the area. Authorities later arrested a man in connection with both incidents. police killed officers named after Read just six days left before election departed from her standard campaign speech to address the attacks during a speech in Las is it is heartbreaking. It is totally Democratic nominee said she called the mayors of and as well of the chief of police to express her condolences. I will bring the full weight of the law on anyone who killed a police officer and see to it that they are brought to she said. also believe that everyone is safer when the police respect the people and the people respect the police who serve running and former president Bill a rally with singer Harper at the Social Club on night because of the attacks. Republican nominee Trump responded to the attacks during an earlier campaign event in attack on our police is an attack on all of he said. enforcement is the line separating civilization from total chaos. You have to remember just six days the race has begun to tighten. An average of six different polls shows that is now just 1.7 percentage points ahead of Trump and their surrogates have spread out across the country to encourage people to turn up on election day with tens of millions of votes already cast. In Las asked voters to imagine Trump being sworn into office on 20 with me what it would be like to have Trump sitting in the Oval Office come next someone who demeans mocks the insults and she said. would it be like to have that person in the most powerful office in the rare visit to is unusual show of confidence for a Democrat Read and Trump are battling for a batch of key including North and But both candidates are stepping outside the traditional boundaries in a attempt to steal states that rarely swing the other is scheduled to visit on where her campaign is hoping to capitalize on weakness with voters. Recent polling shows Trump ahead by three points according to the teased the prospect of a victory telling the crowd that if she remembers correctly and she did the state has voted only once for a Democrat since 1948. was for my husband in said. Bill and I love close and is attempting to poach traditionally Democratic making stops in and New where maintains solid on before returning for a full day of campaigning in on At his final rally of the day in Trump insisted that he is on course for telling feeling like it Twitter Trump poses for photographers at international airport. He said of the attack on our police is an attack on all of Chip the need to stay disciplined and avoid missteps in the home Trump said with got to be nice and nice and cool. All stay on stay on point. No nice and described as on President criticized the way the announced that it was reviewing emails possibly linked to the former secretary of do think that there is a norm that when there are we operate on innuendo. We operate on incomplete in his first public comments on the controversial told the outlet operate on leaks. We operate based on concrete decisions that are decision has rocked the election in its final weeks even as polling is divided over how significant the impact has seen any effect of letter it is to be a motivating factor for our an senior campaign aide said on pointing out numbers in the past 96 higher than at any point since the convention. The aide are confident in our ability to win these states that made additional ads to but not taking anything for elections 
THANK YOU FOR BEING Guide to Thriving in the Age of L. pp. From Trump to to Marine one thing that unites the unhappy West is a profound sense of mystification. Across and North people have an acute feeling that their world is accelerating away from them but they quite understand why. There is no narrative. Hence the attraction of leaders who it like it and identify convenient like immigrants or the Union. But what most people really crave is an honest explanation. As with patients on a the first step is to understand what is going wrong. Then you can decide on the medication. Into this darkened room steps Tom While other journalists dream of being investigative reporters or news L. is a whose goal is to be a from to And he is extremely good at it. A talent for explanation has garnered him a column at The New Times and a string of books on huge subjects like and climate change. Snooty critics might grumble about his folksy but it is hard to think of any other journalist who has explained as many complicated subjects to so many people. Now he has written his most ambitious book part personal part manifesto. You for Being has two overt aims. wants to explain why the world is the way it is why so many things seem to be spinning out of especially for the white middle class he grew up in. And then he wants to reassure us that it is basically going to be In general the explanation is more convincing than the reassurance. But as a guide for perplexed this book is very hard to beat. argues that man is actually a fairly adaptable creature. The problem is that our capacity to adapt is being outpaced by a built from three ever faster the market and climate change. That sounds like a predictable but digs cleverly into each one. For on technology he argues convincingly that which saw the arrival of the Android and was the year when software in the words of the he introduces us to vital obscure like and he points out that if law the power of microchips would double about every two had applied to the capabilities of not computer then the modern descendant of the 1971 Beetle would travel at 300,000 miles per cost 4 cents and use one tank of gasoline in a lifetime. The chapters on climate change and the market are stuffed with similar nuggets. But also shows how all three forces complicating and speeding up one another. In climate change is wrecking crops even as technology is helping more children so a population of 19 million will reach 72 million hungry people by 2050. On trading technology and markets create so a operating out of his flat by can make the index fall 9 percent in a And will keep getting faster. There are already at least 10 billion things connected to the but that is still less than 1 percent of the possible total as ever more gadgets and bodies join of Man has sped up his own response times. It now takes us only 10-15 years to get used to the sort of technological changes that we used to absorb in a couple of but what good is that when technology becomes obsolete every five to seven The supernova is making a joke of both patent law and education. companies and individuals are all struggling to keep up. It can be bewildering even for the winners like himself. In he was queuing up to phone his stories from telephone now he can email a column from deep in that appears almost instantaneously on the Times website and provokes a rapid reaction from China. In two and a half years researching this he had to interview all the main technologists at least because things changed so quickly. Like everybody he has no time to The title comes from an offhand comment to a friend whose tardiness allowed a few welcome minutes of contemplation. For the most You for Being is a master class in explaining. It canters along at a pace that is quick enough to permit learning without getting bogged down. Inevitably he sometimes gets the balance either allowing his informants to ramble or skating over a thorny For having admitted that productivity numbers have not forward in the same way that technology he asks in to trust they will. the folksiness will still irk some The starting point for the book is a chat with a parking with another attendant from waiting near the end. But criticizing for humanizing and boiling down big topics is like complaining that used sex to sell It is what he does well. There is also a value in bringing things together in putting foreign policy beside climate change. And be fooled by the catchy slogans not into and so As usual with it is all backed up by pages of serious reporting from around the world. this complaint is that the explaining is too convincing. Lying on the listening to him in his guise as Tom you ever more the reasons the world is spinning so fast. It is not all Along the way we discover that the created more teller jobs at banks it allowed banks to increase the number of There are inspiring stories of communities rising to the and a memorable paean to the virtues of chickens from Bill Gates empower keep children healthy and But respite from these There is there is not going to be and attempts to stop it all will do more damage than good. This makes it harder to reassure us that it is all going to be fine. produces a list of 18 things that the government should from setting up a health system to passing deals and building infrastructure. If the politicians in accomplished even a quarter of his the United States would be better at coping with change. But is too honest a reporter to argue that will happen soon. Asked why some biological systems the environmentalist are all highly adaptive and all the rest is It is hard to put in the highly adaptive category. main cause for optimism is based on a trip back to St. the suburb where he grew up. This is perhaps the most memorable part of the book a piece of sustained reportage that ranks alongside to masterly first book about the Middle East. He points out that the same communal virtues that made work when he was young have survived and are still useful. But the passages that lingered with this reader were the ones about the good old days that have disappeared when baseball used to be a sport that everybody could afford to when local boys like the young could caddy at the United States when everybody in town went to public schools. So you finish this book thinking everything is going to be for the unhappy West that can dance in a There is no easy pill to and most of the ones being proffered by the extremists are poison. But after your session with you have a much better idea of the forces that are upending your how they work together and what companies and governments can do to prosper. You do have a coherent narrative an cohesive explanation for why the world is the way it without miracle cures or scapegoats. And that is why everybody should hope this book does very well indeed.
At the start of the summer we asked readers to let us know their experience of using the car hire firm which now offers rentals all over Its chief executive had made the case to us that the company has changed as a he hoped we would see fewer complaints. This followed several years of horror stories from the complaints have continued to roll in about various but particularly about the one at where too many readers report being hugely pressured into taking the perhaps ironically named Super Relax have had so many complaints about this branch that we would strongly suggest readers use another renter at that airport. The company admitted it had operational and IT in but said it was confident these have now been it are working hard to improve customer service with enhancements to our staff training our help has been designed to resolve queries during and after welcome letters but cannot answer individually. Email us at or write to Consumer the 90 Please include a daytime phone 
My boss is bullying me and undermining my confidence but what can I do about boss like me. not sure why and have given up trying to figure it but making my working life miserable. She undermines me in front of the rest of the interrupts with irrelevant asides when trying to lead leaves me out of meetings I should be included and makes threats that I might lose my job or someone else more junior might lose theirs if I do some often irrelevant task. I am desperate to leave but feel so undermined by her and passive aggressive that I feel useless and unemployable. She likes to remind me that I am lucky to have a job. I have worked here for 15 years but now feel trapped in a vicious circle. What should I know why your boss like you and be fairly certain she either. a and bullies are unhappy creatures who derive strange pleasure from humiliating particularly in front of an audience. Some bullies achieve their ascendancy through force of personality. Your boss does it by abusing her seniority. In saying not asking you to understand let alone forgive saying something more the ultimate aim of bullies to intimidate their victims to such an extent that they begin to believe they somehow deserve to be that they are worthless beings and exactly happening to you. You say you feel useless and and yet you must know none of those things. In the 15 years worked in this place presumably before the arrival of this monster you will have been a contented person. That at who you still are so you must fight very hard not to succumb. If she senses you it will give her still further pleasure and even see it as in some way justifying her would hope that those in authority will soon the malign influence this person is having and will take steps to remove her. But you wait for that. You need to be consciously defiant. Defy your boss by looking at yourself in the mirror and promising yourself that you let her win. Then with all the old confidence that you can go out there and find yourself another say Keep a detailed log of all and keep all relevant even notes. My lawyer advised me this when I was in a similar situation. It stop me from having to but I got a much better deal because I had proof of everything. The only solution is to get out sad and but sometimes life is like that. But you can look for other jobs up hill and down dale with no time pressure. As an once you start looking you will probably find the stress flows away you will have control of the situation. I was in this situation with a boss who continually described me as to cold to get along and I really In the feeling I was on the verge of a nervous I simply quit. I have anything to go to but felt I had to for the sake of my health. I had savings I could live on for six months big lifestyle a plan for work if I find something and an alternative plan for retraining in the longer term. The day I walked out was one of the happiest of my life the relief was incredible and I felt much better about myself almost immediately. In the end I got a job within a month. only in hindsight that I just what a bad mental state got myself and I dread to think of the damage if I had stayed. I know it is a and for some is financially but if there is any way at all you can do then get out. Join a union if you and wait until you are entitled to representation. Keep a including details of possible witnesses. With the help of your submit a grievance detailing what you are complaining about and what you would like your employer to do about it. My secondment is failing as being denied the IT training I desperately have recently been promoted to team the second rung of the managerial ladder. I had been working towards this for a year before I finally got my opportunity on secondment for two months and will get made permanent if it goes explained in my interview that although I have a basic knowledge of the computer I have the knowledge that the other team leader or the manager has. Since I have been promoted I have had to text or ring one of them each shift in order for help. I explained that I wanted training and needed it to be able to do my but have been told going to be difficult to find the time. Now things are going wrong and I am unable to fix them. There have been occasions where they answered the phone and been completely and been reprimanded for it on the next this continues I see the secondment being made from either as I want to take the job permanently if this is what is to suspect being just a little too polite and hesitant. Because you want to make a fuss or seem to be looking for excuses when things go you been nearly firm enough in your request for training. This could lead to exactly the outcome you with your secondment failing to be made permanent and rather than your being held responsible. You as you be relieved but that would be unfair and need to write a considered note to your copied to HR you have such a Avoid sounding either plaintive or stick strictly to the facts. Say that you are grateful to both your manager and the other team leader for the time they spend helping you deal with system issues. Now that been doing the job for some time become even more apparent that you have to rely on such ad hoc help but need formal computer system training. Can they please arrange a for you as soon as because only then will you feel able to the role with which been will hopefully prompt the training you need. At being on the record when your performance is eventually it should ensure not unfairly say Cover your write a report to your manager requesting a minion on adding that training would be cheaper. And bite the bullet and and network like crazy. Pick up the phone and talk to IT experts on connecting your own staff. People are usually happy to help as long you show that looking to develop your own knowledge rather than simply asking them to solve your problems for you. Aside from one can often find other IT examples and user forums You can also ask the IT people if they have any documentation often they have put considerable effort into which can often go largely unused. This will not only help you to do your but help you you look for another. you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply 
be back next week with another live look at the week as it happened in the meantime you can continue the discussion below the line or get in touch via or with any feedback or ideas for what like to talk about. The annual addition of neologisms to the various dictionaries has become a bit of a party with and among the 1,200 new words added to the Oxford Dictionary this Autumn. When we wrote about it in and its numerous derivatives had not yet made the but this week the Dictionary made naming the word of the ahead of and a word further down the list that caught my the of pictures of offspring on social media by proud parents. Like it carries a a big social the consequences of which are likely to be felt far into the future by those kids. It set me thinking about and words the trivial and ephemeral versus those that will become significant cultural markers. Any other A suggestion here 04 2016 the Worm for prime I say. He can't be much worse than the previous plus with the situation in such a muddle he could buy us some valuable With the Guardian tracking social workers and on a tour based on their often difficult day plus series Damned offering plentiful moments to wince on Channel social work and its dealings with troubled folk are in the comedy spotlight. Social workers do good laugh makes you feel Miller Read is it important that those creating this sort of comedy have personal experience at the sharp worked for many years in psychiatric Can any decent writer wring comic gold from a difficult subject through imagination and a bit of research alone or is that the route to an offensive comedy In response to our colleague Martin below the line a reader shares their commendation ... 04 2016 I would just like to commend you on the sterling piece of hard hitting investigative journalism you did on the travails of the is the Meet the biggest ever news folks that should have been who the earthworm the earthworm dies after wriggling into record books Read more On the subject of homework ... 04 2016 an educator with 39 plus years of experience I would say the amount of homework assigned in the excessive. Way to much no need Just as the constant testing and exams are over the top. One never has time As the saying weighing the baby all the time leaves no time for feeding I 04 2016 homework at primary school should be learning spellings and times tables. 5 days a week is long enough to teach. 04 2016 make me laugh sometimes is how forgetful people around my age some of them seem to think their little one is getting more homework than they did but I member at get spelling lists to memories 20 to 30 maths worksheets to 2 or 3 books a week to read those little one sentence a page books and then at secondary school homework was pretty much unending. If I can do it with no long term effects and as a person who is hard of hearing and has speech sure my friends perfectly healthy kids will cope just fine. Earlier in the week I wrote a piece about the Good Housekeeping claim that there are 10 household chores you need only do once a year. They made it sound as if they were cutting us all some but there were chores on their list I simply heard of who wipes down their It turns out my are pretty but I was happier not knowing. Given the it seemed a lot of people felt the same way that if you can get away with not doing a chore for a whole then it can probably wait another or ten. Just last night I went to see a who quoted one of her frequent criticisms never seen you wash a he said. Before the idea had never occurred to her. What household chores have you escaped through sheer ignorance of their Come and spoil it for the rest of us. The 10 jobs you have to do only once a year can you do them all in a Read more Parents in are protesting over the level of homework that is set for their children. A 2012 found that have 6.5 hours of homework a nearly hours more a week than the average. And children from the ages of three to six in the country are apparently doing half an homework every day. Parents are being given letters to send to schools by a campaign urging not to set is a touchy subject for parents. I remember having any homework until I was in secondary but my seven year old daughter has a which she can choose to do some things from each also expected to do reading at home nearly every night. It but it does sometimes take a chunk out of our weekend when we could be doing things that are perhaps a bit more fun for all the asked readers from around the world what they thought of the amount of homework given to their children. in told us son often stays up until midnight finishing off and from said son is constantly stressed about work and no longer sees learning as do you Do children get too much Does it impact on family life too Or should kids just knuckle down and get on with Trump has been gaining ground in the polls since the announcement by the that it has discovered new emails that may relate to use of a private server during her time as secretary of of the problems with many of the polls seen this week is the margin of or by how many points the polls could be wrong. In most cases this has been greater than the lead taken by either Trump and make their final campaign push in key swing states what now ultimately matters is who goes out and votes next and the narrowing polls could help boost turnout. been one of the most controversial US elections ever. After a seemingly endless pockmarked with moments of unprecedented outrage and decision day is nearly upon us. Barring a repeat of the 2000 when the election recount delayed things by this time next week either Trump or will be in the White quick glance at our busy comments threads will reveal been a lot of anxiety about this both from our US readers and those watching nervously from afar. Have you been worrying about the US Take part in our poll and discuss your own personal in the comments those of you about to ask what about let me point you in the direction of this another. Talking of staying this young panda featured in the latest of our pictures of the day roundups might make you smile ... A Giant Panda twin cub sitting on scales at Zoo in A couple more of your comments so far how do you stay 04 2016 drink. 04 2016 will be here by and being a I love and actually feel more awake in the dark evenings. My husband is the which makes for problems sometimes in winter when he accuses me of being verging on the nocturnal. I once visited the and the continual half light did eventually become a little so I can see how this could be a medical issue and a serious problem for some people. 04 2016 force myself to get outdoors. Where possible I walk in some woods. The climate is designed to be spent in the woods. Anyone who hasn't figured that out yet hasn't been born. 04 2016 an earlier discussion on winter and SAD in the Gardens there was a tremendous comment from Cryptic Mirror that you might consider putting here with the ... here it is 21 2016 comment has been chosen by Guardian staff because it contributes to the bought one of those and the light from it helps combat my SAD as well as giving me fresh flowers just in the winter. It does really help and I completely recommend it to anyone who has SAD. It is a and all in one. Several writers lit up our pages this week with a celebration of what they were calling of the great impalpable joys of But what happens when we get enough One answer seems to be seasonal affective and readers had an interesting discussion beneath this piece looking at therapy lamps that aim to halt it. Therapy lamps optical equivalent of freezing cold Read have made me ill since I was a small 01 2016 have made me ill since I was a small child. I am fine in other countries that have clear days with bright just shorter hours of but the endless of the is have been using one of these sunrise alarms clocks for over a through most of which I had such long working hours I had to survive on hours sleep. Even when you are exhausted these lamps waking you up gradually rather than jolting you awake with loud noise. I also have a SAD desk lamp at my office. It has transformed winters for me. Arriving at work in the leaving in the dark and sitting away from natural light would previously make me feel more and more run even when going out to get some quick natural light at lunchtime and making the most of opportunities to get out in sunshine at weekends and far I cannot recommend these lamps enough to anybody who struggles with the incessant greyness of the Guardian Music writer with one of the SAD lamps tested. Rob for the a light box is a good way to 01 2016 large study in the found that sunlight hours correlated to levels of Factor low in winter high in summer which is very important to and found to be low in many mental illness. So it seems using a light box is a good way to better if combined with a bit of light 01 2016 have a standing on my desk next to my computer while I do a morning check of emails etc. Light therapy works best in the early morning. Works for me. I also get out in natural daylight as much as I even better if combined with a bit of light exercise sweeping up leaves in the garden. Then lucky enough to have a garden that I can go out in to and a large greenhouse that I can sit in the end of having a the door open so that I get direct sunlight in to the Low sunlight levels during the winter also coincide with cold air and wet roads or indulge more in the equally beneficial treatment A do you Hello and welcome to our weekly where we discuss the best of the week in terms of news and comment with our readers. We have a lot of interesting reading lined up for you today to trigger debate. Tell us if there are any topics that keen to talk about by tweeting or emailing get started. We will be here from
A week the US election looked to be over. was riding so high in the polls after a disastrous series of gaffes by Trump that few could conceive of a Republican path to victory on 8 shock intervention by the may not be enough to change that outcome on its but it has certainly set political imaginations running worry for Democrats is that fresh inquiries regarding use of a private email server while secretary of state come at a difficult time. Not only is it hard to prove a negative and her innocence with barely a week to go until the but the letter to congressional officials from director capped a tricky run of news that was already making a sizable dent in her polling for Trump began to recover first thanks to another set of the contents of which perhaps explain why the risked so much to try to retain control of her electronic communications in the first place. Released by a factor that US intelligence agencies have blamed on these emails to and from campaign chairman John have been trickling out for with mostly embarrassing rather than damaging email controversy what we know so far Read changed on with the release of a report that appeared to confirm just how much the family has blurred the boundaries between its charitable and political interests. Though almost all of the new information related to Bill rather than it gave Trump supporters fresh ammunition at a moment when they were desperate to shift attention from their own scandals over taxes and alleged inappropriate towards an election that many pollsters describe as an unpopularity it does not take much to swing the mood of independent voters. By the combination of no news from Trump and bad news from had halved her average lead in the polls since the last presidential the attention was on was winning. the attention is on said political consultant Frank who has predicted the winner in 2016 will be the campaign that keeps the focus on its average lead for in national polls of ought still to be a healthy safety margin. Bill lead over Bush shrank from 11 points to just three in the last two weeks of the 1992 yet he won by nearly double that margin. When the attention was on was winning. the attention is on political among a cause for concern if not yet panic is that very few polls published so far were carried out after news broke about the and the reputable survey that got an Post tracking poll released on showed just a overall lead for It asked some voters on evening what they thought and found the news had mostly hardened existing opinions but could also play a role at the a third of likely voters say they are less likely to support given director said pollster other say it makes no of supporters felt it would make any but this rises higher among groups already predisposed not to vote for the poll found. Twitter reacts to new investigation into her potential for a pullback in motivation of or further resurgence among may cause concern in the camp especially because this dynamic already was under added. to vote has grown in Trump support groups in the past week as the intensity of criticisms about him has notion that the may not change any minds but will bolster and thus perhaps was also supported in a poll of voters in 13 battleground states. This poll showed just of Democrats said the issue might make them less likely to support compared with more than a quarter of registered Republicans. Twitter How does the US electoral college risk also helps explain the ferocity of Democratic calls for the to urgently exonerate loyalists are convinced the latest trove of discovered on equipment shared by aide and her estranged husband are an irrelevance. Even if some show more classified information passed its way through the private it should not change the earlier decision that a criminal charge would be unfair without evidence of intent or so long as this is not categorically there may be a nagging doubt in some minds that the suspects otherwise. Not everyone will be prepared to give the benefit of the doubt. Some studies have shown just of voters describe as and lower even than score of it may not be enough to the tip the running for president while facing potential criminal investigation is never a good elections 
is in his cruising along a highway on his way to a camera shop. He needs to buy a flash for the West the Saint tour has come to Forum in as wants to try something a little different kind of want to jump in the crowd and grab some shots from audience could probably have had someone else fetch a but relentlessly Perhaps why one of the most and prolific in music and beyond. Working with stars including the and Frank he has directed acclaimed music taken still photographs and lent his distinctly raw yet epic visual sensibilities to commercials as well. Some projects are created with a shoestring others involve a few more resources. No matter how much or little money is his brooding aesthetic remains intact. Twitter He shot the sleeve for the current single and forthcoming album both called a now ubiquitous comic shot showing him with a fresh haircut. also directed first trio of slightly grim music videos. He has lent his visuals to other genres making videos for Arctic Monkeys You Only Call Me When Drone Bomb Me which starred as a weeping Statue of and a sharply monochrome epic of butts and guns. Even his adverts are including a Beats by spot featuring is his most frequent collaborator he directed the videos for Coldest Welcome to Mercy and Paranoid and their partnership goes back 13 years. So how did he and told it a million but tell it again. Shy Twitter 2003. and his parents are back in their home city after a long stint living in An avid music fan and aspiring is obsessed with a by an obscure rapper. was the most refreshing thing I had ever he says. was instantly blown away by this guy. I wanted to photograph so I looked and there was nothing really about him or any contact email. So I went to and it said you can buy the domain name for like seven bucks. I bought thinking at some point get a hold of few weeks a rep from Records called him. The label had just signed the fledgling rapper and were looking to buy the web address from someone they assumed was out to fleece them. were much do you I was been wanting to get a hold of this guy so I can shoot And they what do you want I you can have the Just let me take his Twitter Impressed by and manager set them up. The subsequent shots became first promotional pictures. is a guy who takes chances with people a even to this he says. he likes work with you. not about a name or an affiliation. He takes chances like that all the The shoot launched his career. relationships came from He was the first musician I worked with when I was 21 and everything came from that soon expanded his horizons beyond still photography. seize opportunities as they come and force or dwell on he says. know I was going to be making music videos when I was a photographer. And when I was doing I know I was going to be doing commercials. a completely natural evolution and I try to be that way with everything I Twitter an attitude employed while at a party at John house. Ocean was there. This was back when he was only doing some songwriting for other artists. I remember him saying he wanted to work with but I heard anything. Soon he messaged me some early songs on including Swim Good and I was holy amazing. do With a budget of directed video for his debut which showcased Ocean ruminating in his bedroom in one long tracking an staple. the song important. just making a visual that hopefully elevates it and take away from Their professional relationship he recently worked with Ocean on his recent Boys where he naturally captured West going through a in a is the raddest now a week after the West and is satisfied with his crowd which may well never see the light of of the photos taken of him have never been though I think doing a he notes. Today has quite a different an afternoon at a pool with his have such an untypical he the sounds of splashing in the distance. never in one and if not working on thinking of working on While he does have some constants avocado toast for breakfast and an early morning trip to the beach to both habits he picked up in a single email from West or the team can change what he does for the rest of his or or set up meetings for a week from now because I know where going to Twitter Like the time he went to photograph the for a press shoot that turned out to be the central image of his campaign for had some rough concepts on what they wanted stylistically with the so I sent them some references of various different lighting styles and we just shot it. I think liked the images so much he was my album pictures also became the first that showed the without his famous dreadlocks. Cutting his nothing to do with me. When I first shot him years he had the hair much closer to where it is now. Obviously the hair became a singular but not going to lie I like this look. more of to me. how I know has the knack of getting on with characters who seem enigmatic to the public. whom directed in two music is raddest guy. nice and hilarious. Just a real funny guy. I know crazy to you imagine him as a guy in a dark corner Twitter points to a common thread between the musicians worked with. thing with all these guys is that besides from being musically talented open to collaborating. They play write melodies that are fucking and they all show Emotion is another it seeps through the screen in many of his whether West and video for Piss on Your an angry anthem belted out in the middle of a picturesque or that Beats by advert with which perfectly captures the will to win. dream of mine is to make something that inspires other he muses. the greatest thing confined himself to his 2010 documentary Bouncing Cats followed those using to rehabilitate children of while a series of photographs taken in the Democratic Republic of the a joint venture with in was later exhibited at the United Nations. Twitter there is one upcoming project he calls one of the most important of his directing his first feature film. Called it is set to begin shooting next year and can best be described as a Clockwork Orange that takes place in South Central a reflection of the disenfranchised youth of says of the which was tweaked with writer at the Film Lab. been working on it for about two sizzle reel for the shopped to portrays a deep sense of foreboding and syncs up perfectly with conversations about economics and the plight of the inner cities that dominate headlines. As for the is mum. Discretion is one of his watchwords another reason he has risen so far in a world endlessly paranoid about leaks. just like to talk about work before he explains. like the work to speak for itself. I make stuff to try to explain Yet despite vast body of he maintains he has barely scratched the surface when it comes to what he wants to eventually accomplish. much more he ready to stop talking and go back to his nieces and the pool. want to expand on everything 13 times over. There are so many things I want to do that I done. Maybe in 2024 gonna go for that presidential run. has 
the former health minister and government social mobility is at the helm of a new group funded in part by Sir to fight exit from the aim is to bring together disparate groups behind an explicit campaign to reverse the referendum decision to probably only after the government has revealed the content of its exit terms and the economy has aims to fight resurgent populism with campaign Read main at Open is not explicitly dedicated to remaining in the but instead wants to secure the softest possible for including maximum involvement in the single is instead setting tests by which can be and highlighting the risks of leaving the single market for a range of group is also separate from designed to revive the political ground to combat those who think populism is a solution to a leading public relations agency that was founded by a close friend of and is understood to have been commissioned to manage the strategy and marketing of the new Bell on the options cartoon Read email published by the Independent says has offered office space and cash to help the launch. The new is in part bringing together existing pressure groups both regional or based by as well as other more long standing groups such as the source said there is now agreement to press but there have been a lot of technical discussions about funding and the legal structure. One initial source of funding in the region of has come from the millionaire insurance broker and email have been beavering away over the last few months to get a campaign up and running. pleased to say that substantial progress has been have met the team several times and we are making good progress. I have been in discussions with an excellent potential to lead the are keen to help ... Since we last spoke have offered a further plus bigger office help with legal advice and a possible have held discussions with Stronger a new called Common Bob and a number of senior politicians across the party is a deal and what would it Read is a rivalry of sorts between the and with some claiming must be kept away from any and others challenging whether own private sector involvement after he left government puts him in a substantially stronger position with the key swing groups opposed to the Virgin spokesperson the Virgin has not made any payments to any campaign or is well known that supported the remain campaign before the and as a result people involved in all sides of the debate are interested in views on and its impact on business. Virgin is interested in engaging with different to understand the impact will have on the 
Trump scheduled a series of meetings with close allies and veterans this stoking speculation about his possible cabinet picks just as he did this when he polled crowds about his running mate and floated improbable names to the are Trump's attorney national security adviser and Read has weeks to decide nominations to head the powerful federal though have historically made most of their nominations in So far he has made three and his aides have leaked out a dozen possible names for other cabinet was named by Trump as nominee to lead the justice provoking immediate outrage from Democrats and civil rights groups. Sessions was rejected for confirmation as a federal judge in after testimony that he said the was until I found out they smoked and called a black attorney denied the A decade later he won election to a Senate seat in and in the 2016 campaign he became one of most ardent especially on you have nostalgia for the days when blacks kept gays were in the immigrants were invisible and women stayed in the Senator Sessions is your Democratic representative said in a statement. If Sessions would succeed the first woman to serve as attorney Trump named representative Mike as his choice for director of the Like was an early supporter of and shares hawkish views with the candidate on surveillance and espionage. An army veteran and graduate of Law and West won a seat representing in and took on a leading role in the investigation into response to the 2012 attack on a US compound in The investigation found no wrongdoing by but faulted the he joined worked at Sentry a vendor of oil field and in 2012 published a Politico harassing the the oil billionaires whose company is based in and whose employees have given to according to the Center for Responsive security has named retired general a confidant who supports closer ties with a role as one of his top advisers on foreign policy. had a career that culminated in a job as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency. But in 2014 he was forced out of that reportedly because of his extremely hawkish views and chaotic headed a consulting firm with wealthy international met with and news organization claimed that of is and propagated fake news. As national security he would help Trump determine the direction of foreign policy and shape of the secretary of least seven names have been raised for secretary of the United chief diplomat and head of the state department. On in New Trump is due to meet Mitt the Republican nominee in 2012. accused Trump of fomenting racism and misogyny throughout the 2016 and repeatedly warned about the dangers of A friend of told he would probably not join with diplomatic posts said that disgraced general the former director of the is being considered for the position of secretary of state. nomination would prove in light of repeated accusation that endangered national security with her use of a private email server while secretary of state. pleaded guilty in 2015 to giving secrets to his with whom he was having an affair. He was sentenced to two probation and a fine of the secretary of state to visited Trump Tower on though the declined to endorse Trump during the campaign. Trump also met South governor who in called his proposed ban on entering the US but ultimately voted for him 11 months ambassador John and former New mayor two more reported have already been opposed by one Republican Rand and rank among the most hawkish members of the and in the latter said is in war. support for the invasion of and history with foreign wealth could prove a problem in confirmation member of Congress has been mooted for the position. Senator Bob chairman of the committee on foreign relations and a less hawkish than has said he is the for the position. He added that he considered himself unlikely to be a veteran of and campaign adviser for visited Trump Tower on and as on did congressman the chairman of the House financial services committee. Politico reported earlier this month that is a favorite for secretary of the despite pledge to the of consultants and security congressman Mike the chairman of the House homeland security told Politico that he was interested in taking over the sprawling agency responsible for the border and disaster management. Congressman John who oversees transportation for that is another reported unlikely are sheriff who lost this month and faces contempt charges in a racial discrimination and sheriff who has repeatedly suggested crackdowns on Protection has named a lobbyist who leads a group claiming to dispel of global as head of his transition team. He is also reportedly considering venture capitalist lobbyist Mike whose clients include oil and natural gas and lobbyist who was a deputy administrator for W names raised to lead the Pentagon are a former national security adviser to W and Tom a hawkish senator and veteran who earned notoriety and derision for a threatening letter to the leaders of a former has also been named by an anonymous source to Defense News as a possible Jersey governor a former prosecutor and early Trump is probably out of the running for the attorney general post. He was removed from transition reportedly by whose father was prosecuted by for tax evasion and witness House speaker Newt a prominent supporter throughout the has ruled himself out for a cabinet position. Retired neurosurgeon has also said he would not serve in citing his lack of government experience. endorsed Trump after dropping his own bid for 
When I was a girl of 11 I had an argument with my father that left my psyche maimed. It was about whether a woman could be the president of the did it even I was no feminist just a shy kid who preferred reading to politics my destiny. I was trying to work out what was possible for my category of person logistically as one might ask which kinds of terrain are navigable for a newly purchased bicycle. Up until gender darkened my mental doorway as I followed my older brother into our daily adventures wearing has found no criminal wrongdoing in new emails Read in adolescence it dawned on me be spending my future as a and when I looked alarm bells rang. My mother was a deeply unhappy woman who aspired to as a housewife but clearly disliked the job. I saw most of my mothers packed into that same dreary boat. My father was a country admired and rewarded for work he loved. In my primordial search for a life he was the natural probably started by asking him if girls could go to have be tentatively working my way up the ladder. His answers grew more equivocal until finally we faced Dad and me why A female president would be dangerous. His reasons vaguely referenced menstruation and emotional innate female attraction to maternity and aversion to and a general implied that was beneath polite ended that evening curled in bed with my fingernails digging into my palms and a silent howl tearing through me that lasted hours and left me numb. The next day I saw life at a as if my skull had been jarred. What changed for me was not a dashing of specific but an understanding of what my father the person whose respect I craved really saw when he looked at me. I was tainted. I would grow up to be a lesser confined to an obliquely shameful I stop asking what a woman gets to and so began a lifelong confrontation with that internal howl. The were often unexpected. Play drums in the No. Sign up for the science Go camping with the Go jogging in shorts and a tank top without fear of being Experiment have a command a moral authority of my Walk home safely after do successful women like get under so many people's Read I wrestled my way to yes on most of these except of course the last one. And the same dread that stalks me in dark parking lots the helpless fury of knowing I get to be just a person going about my business has haunted all the other from science team to career. a matter of getting up each day and pushing myself again into a place some people think I have no right to father is very old now. I brought up our ancient argument about who may occupy the White but he remember it. The world has changed and so has urged forward by working daughters and granddaughters. ready and eager to vote for a woman president. But knocked the breath out of me to learn that most of his peers are has the rules of civic duty and met the prerequisites for a bringing a lifetime of pertinent an inquiring a record of compassionate service and a sound grasp of our every from international relations to climate her stated desire is to work hard for our country and its opponent has no political a famously childish no interest in educating himself on any a manifest record of shortchanging bankrupting cheating on dodging taxes and serving absolutely no one but himself. His mission is to elevate the of some by degrading many including people with residents of women he finds beautiful and women he does not. Twitter has the rules of civic duty and met the prerequisites for a bringing a lifetime of pertinent horrified to watch the bizarre pageant of my nation pretending these two contenders are equivalent. No one really imagines Trump applying himself to the disciplines of the staying up late reading reams of instead of firing off juvenile tweets. even harder to imagine indulging in the boorish intellectual racism and vulgar contempt for the opposite gender that her opponent. If anyone still doubts that the inexperienced man gets promoted ahead of the qualified you can wake up race is close. Polls tell us most believe Trump has sexually assaulted women name just one potential A majority also believe be for unspecified reasons. back to the ancient a woman be that smart and so either her womanliness or her smartness must be counterfeit. To set that hazy discomfort next to a sexual assaulter and call these defects is causing my ears to ring as I write. Twitter women stand divided over Trump and on eve of Trump bragged that he could commit murder and still retain his following. He was right. Legions have clung to this foul troth right up to last month when he declared that we really need to hold an election. should just give it to Trump Because there is no other candidate we need it goes without the woman a men orchestrating this misogynistic horror show have combed every inch of lifetime of service looking for some dark finding nothing worse than a mistake about email handling for which she has accepted responsibility and submitted to an exhaustive investigation that found no harm done. marvel at her decades of perfect caution. What other person alive could come through such scrutiny without deeper broken into her private the legal equivalent of burgling and rifling the drawers of her dragging stolen goods through the public forum with barefaced entitlement. Through it holds her head high and carries on as if this is the way of it is not politics as usual when one camp continually threatens the other with imprisonment and screaming painting her face on hoisting her effigy being hanged. No candidate in the history of the has been subjected to so much jubilant We just don't trust women Read suffer these humiliations as my own and understand why voters stand by with arms assessing her stamina and while is taking it on the chin. How have we not exploded into a new civil rights movement with women and men together rushing on to the streets to demand that female humanity Where is our primal scream against being reviled for the misdeeds of others and for the crime of being competent while than half the people are the principles of democracy suggest we may claim that space as ours. What we get to do now is lock arms and march to the polls to vote for My father and I have waited half a century to see our old argument settled. Both of us hope with all our hearts to wake up on and see that he was elections 
In the early months of a student called Mark got so he tripped over a coiled snake of cables in his dorm smashed through his ground floor window and ended up face down in the wet whereupon the girl he had admired came round the arms linked with her all had to step over the fallen future billionaire before he puked on himself. It has the most humiliating moment of his of that is true. But what does it We are fully ensconced in the world. The greatest editor this paper ever had it that are by the apparently used to have this thing where he brushed his teeth a certain way so the flecks of toothpaste would make a rude shape as they hit the bathroom has I think the idea that fake news of which a small amount of content influenced the election is a pretty crazy address these comments. Comments that were made using the method of letters written on cards lit up by fairy a la Stranger influence of false content on cannot be regarded as when it garners millions of shares. And it runs deep. The less truthful a piece the more it is shared. In he seems to have shot himself in the by saying it was fake news on had an impact on the but also boasting that was responsible for 2 million people registering to vote. So which is Does have influence or Where do these stories some are created by teenagers in That isn't a do these stories some are created by teenagers in that one a joke kids looking for cash just catering to demand. Many more come from people we now term the who cook up stories on boards such as and social and are then either by genuine sites or shill and are then shared again on social media by accounts with the Frog or eggs as their avatars. a bit like the water but if the water cycle were of these stories are frankly ridiculous is not the leader of an underground and cater to an increasing number of conspiracy theorists. But others are relatively benign if wildly inaccurate. They have still begun on message boards created by the same people who and I will not sugarcoat this refer to people who are not white as better term for many of the might be For is an ambiguous term and encompasses many forms. they are who reject mainstream conservatives and despise But also lurkers who probably bid on memorabilia and have moved from white supremacist sites such as Then the bought in bulk. And on social there are the bots and accounts to inflict automated insult to be the is more successful as an In Real Life political force than the left. Years ago I wrote about how filter bubbles and likes did not translate to direct political change. And in I was writing about whether social media strategy would take him all the way to the White House. Twitter A Trump protester arguing with a Trump supporter who repeatedly slapped his hands in have at least for the right. The silent Trump Many board discussions in the lead up to 8 advocated this as a strategy. In worried sometimes that rhetoric was too and might his chances. They had a What the collective does is the opposite of trolling. Trolling a term misused often originally referred to winding people up for the The had an end it for the unlike the it extended to snaring the general the left cannot combat this rise of the of fake news and social media without the help of tech companies. The problem to use Dick they at it. Twitter is a company whose abuse problem might have been the reason nobody would buy like a child standing over a broken vase declaring that he break the vase and that the vase broken and what continues to maintain that it is not a media company. despite the fact that of users get news from the site. If that a media then what friction here is that if one says that companies such as and Twitter need to make editorial then people shout censorship. Except already censors. owned by removes any photograph with a female nipple in it if you run it through the Prism so it looks like a Thanks to this removed one of the most famous journalistic photographs of all time. Twitter removes propaganda videos. All if a decision of what to publish and not to of what stories are worth pursuing and which if you want to call it censorship. Anything else is signed up the of misogyny Read better at social media and activism disparagingly known as is imperative at a time when trust in mainstream media is low. To rebuild that trust is partly down to the media by diversifying for a becoming more reflective of demographic makeups. But sensible citizens should fight back just read sources that align entirely with your but equally indulge bullshit. Question sources. Read closely. a picture that clearly shows the Champions League winners from 2005 is not a rally in 2016. is not dancing at the Cenotaph. that picture widely shared of a disgruntled looking bunch of White House staffers was not them watching greet Trump. But a is a is a now in a chief of strategy to Trump who has as executive chairman of articles such as control makes women unattractive and and thinks nothing of building a whole piece on casual antisemitism. We have a who penned in journalists at his has continued to goad the press even after his election and who has history of threats against journalists. Yet his team ran a highly successful social media which took advantage of targeted ads and scooped up millions of email addresses in the have Silicon having the smug gall to call for a secession of after despite tech by their sheer contributing to his win. We have Peter still on board and sucking up to Trump. The surge of the right has taken the orange one all the way to the Oval and the left I guess the left had elections 
With 60 Minutes keen to rebuild its reputation after the child kidnapping incident in think the last thing they would do is pay for an interview with the man a jury cleared of killing his Tinder date in 2014. But Nine had no such paying Gable about for his exclusive account of his date with who died after falling from his apartment balcony. The teaser for the night show spare the Wright family any replaying in all its horror her bloodcurdling screams before she plunged 14 floors to her death. police who worked on the distressing case are appalled by the media a lot of anger among police about one told the Courier Mail. course we respect the decision to find him not guilty but for him to now do a paid after everything this poor family has been is horrific. It might be legally but for to profit from death is morally There was so much interest in the story from the media that his lawyers had to hire a public relations firm to cope with all the senators and pledge support for Trump Read Trump senators and were two who supported coming out before the US election in support of the Republican said Trump was the bad So when Trump responded to the support from down under and released a statement distancing himself from News Corp tabloids were quick to pick it up. appeared in the Herald Sun and the Courier Mail earlier in the have Trump said. is not the type of company I want to keep I have an image to maintain here. People are free to make endorsements but that mean I have to accept Unfortunately the Trump faithfully reported in popular newspapers as was satire. Lifted straight from satirical website The the trail of the gang Twitter Radio Breakfast presenter meets and Mike Bowers for the more bad news for Radio flagship programs Breakfast with and Drive with are being carved off the ideas network and will be housed in the news department from next year. The top secret project is called for audio current Weekly Beast is and the idea is to get all the radio current affairs shows in one department. Sounds sensible enough but insiders say distinctive tone and style which is more highbrow and leisurely paced than news is at risk. The plan is to produce Breakfast through a central news desk like all other news and current affairs programs such as PM and The World Today. The same fate awaits Extra and Background Briefing. The public may not notice at any difference at first but there are internal fears changing editorial controls to outside of Radio National could change the need to collaborate with News to achieve our stated ambition delivering distinctive current affairs reporting and an internal document said. want more agile staff and resources and greater diversity of content to meet the increasing audience appetite for content anthem Perhaps to prevent staff falling into depression at this time of commonly known as the killing Radio director Mason has come up with a morale boosting exercise called the radio plus With changes to Radio National to be unveiled on 21 the will hopefully give the staff something positive to focus on. Up for grabs are Radio diversity which will be awarded to the person who made tangible progress to advance workplace of ethnicity and and choice for best half hour of is your chance to let us know about the time you get out of the or the time you let an ice cream melt over your because you were so caught up with what you were listening Should you be lucky enough to win one of these the prizes could not be more two conference passes for relevant the option to work in another capital Shop vouchers and a masterclass by a nominated mentor within chief wants media ownership rules even if it helps News Corp Read Corp cuts There are cuts including News Corp which this week announced a further in savings had to be found. According to the media this exercise is going to be a cake walk and will involve a redundancy The chief was a little more telling staff in an email that the cost would include a freeze on new cuts to travel and entertainment of redundancies. Further to our report last week about the pay packets of we wanted to tell you how much the print execs earn but because News Corp is based in the US we bring you those figures. We tell you that got the highest almost double the next highest. took home including in shares and in cash. Not bad for a who presided over a company which dropped out of the and is now in the 101-200 list. The woman in media was Laing on and the average media had a base salary of with short and bonuses of But before you think all doom and gloom in media unless a executive Nine has teamed with regional broadcaster Southern Cross to produce 15 dedicated local Nine News bulletins viewers across regional markets in southern and The weekday broadcasts will feature local news and sport and to produce them Nine is hiring 80 news a source of great joy for regional Leak Twitter The cartoonist Bill Leak is being investigated by the Human Rights Commission for breaching section of the Racial Discrimination Act with his Don Dale cartoon. day someone pops up in support of the cartoonist Bill whose the is waging a war against the Human Rights Commission. Leak and the are being investigated by the commission for breaching section of the Racial Discrimination Act for the infamous Don Dale cartoon and the Oz is furious. This week cartooning peers stuck their heads up in support of seemingly without being prompted by the Cartoonists Association expressed its concern about the investigation. cartoonists have enjoyed artistic freedom for many which has led to a rich and diverse political cartoon they said in a statement. members may have differing opinions over cartoon they the value of protection of artistic freedom under law and throughout the western world. This have been unsuccessfully challenged in courts numerous times. The questions to what effect the is not a can have on cartoonists as protected under section of the Racial Discrimination Act. The merits of any political cartoon should be openly debated in public. Questioning the very existence of whether we agree with them or is not the Weekly 
During my maternity leave I had a conversation with a guy at a where he regretfully told me that as long as men give equality would never be a reality. Perhaps women just meant to he concluded. Maybe I replied later deciding not to tell him he was trailing toilet paper from his felt really lucky a couple of months to return to a job that I care about where they agreed to let me work from home one day a week. Especially as I saw so many friends of friends made redundant weeks after having their or encouraged to leave just before in a flurry of meetings in which they were chastised for not having replied to emails with the correct greeting or for taking the full hour for lunch. Even the wealthy immune. upon returning to work this week after having a talked about maternity laws. need to be a family not just have the guy there for two weeks and then go back to work and the mother is left desperately trying to figure it she said of paternity the new rules on which will only have an effect if businesses actively encourage fathers to take the time and if colleagues quietly roll their eyes. You need to be a family not just have the guy there for two weeks and then go back to than of pregnant women and new mothers the equivalent of 390,000 of us experience what they call and potentially discriminatory and what my friends call at work each year. A new report from the Equality and Human Rights Commission confirms the stories I heard in those long mornings pushing buggies round parks with that of women are pushed out of their jobs following maternity leave around 54,000 a year. And because of businesses are losing in payouts and lost productivity every year. All to avoid a bit of as if the arrogance and unfairness of this THEN you one of the of all these pregnant redundancies was the invention of the I help but imagine the 54,000 newly unemployed mothers as a wounded stranded after the war looking out at the sea with a mixture of hope and fear. some will deal with this by launching a linen company. Perhaps a business selling suede nappy or organic cot or mittens. I know being a but do put that aside for a stick it over by the and ask whether these women would have launched their unnecessary businesses if they themselves feeling superfluous. If they had their careers cut off at the elbow as soon as they felt their first child kick. If the companies they worked for had taken the time to reshape around their female and adapt to new schedules rather than just feel similarly about the weight of mummy that threatens to sink the For every there are a thousand either reports on how many times its author has cried that the comments a of or else a filtered reverie of a perfect necessary to wangle free yogurt. As time goes starting to find one as fantastical as the other. Even in the honesty not possible to be truly honest. Because to do that would surely mean want real people to talk to. This is not being but between the lines you so often see a woman who wants to be who wants to be around people and produce something that people who has found themselves without a is possible to run a small business and have children. It should also be possible to run a big business and have and to be an and to invent something unrelated to your Starting a business is difficult to plan a future often a last resort. The modern view of a mum at her kitchen table says more about crippling childcare costs and inhospitable workplace cultures than it does a future where we can have it all. Maternity discrimination birthed the If that get you angry enough to encourage nothing at or follow her on Twitter paternity 
University is under increasing pressure to issue a for appearing to threaten its students with disciplinary action if they took part in street protests. The university has for an email it sent last week warning students at its campus not to take part in the which have called for greater government transparency and accountability following a misappropriation sent by the registrar of University suggested the gatherings may be and warned students against any are advised not to participate in any illegal activity which contravenes he wrote. student found to be participating in such or who is arrested by the authorities for doing so may be subjected to disciplinary Twitter Thousands march in demanding prime minister email was widely interpreted as a threat by students in and many took to social attacking the university for undermining their democratic rights. Following a significant backlash the university issued an apology the next stating that the email not properly convey the intent of the University provides an unreserved apology for the wording of the recently issued communication to University students regarding illegal it intent of the message was to remind students that taking part in unlawful assembly is contrary to the laws of and students need to be aware of the consequences of undertaking unlawful who do participate in such activities may be subjected to criminal charges by the authorities as students need to consider carefully their participation in such university appeared to suggest the email was sent out of concern for the safety and welfare of its students. But the apology appears to have done little to temper and current students took to to voice their disapproval of the this is very a former said. are precisely not empowering your students if you threaten them with disciplinary action when they are trying to participate in a democratic is incredibly disappointing. The right to peaceful assembly is written in our a bit rich preaching integrity to a bunch of young people who are trying to hold government accountable for its lack protesters seek to shut news portal accused of trying to unseat PM Read public signed by academics from and called on to issue a and a group representing in issued a statement on demanding the university retract its apparent threat and issue a full apology. The said the university needed to issue a proper apology and discipline the registrar said the university faced a boycott from students. implication is that the university could be said to be opposed to freedom of speech and which is he said. is totally contrary to values expounded by successive governments and the wider community for University has totally compromised its standing in academic communities around the a standing that has been irrevocably damaged by the threat of disciplinary 
The has announced a investment in strategy. The money is to be used to protect the country from hacking attacks on all from opportunistic raids on individuals and businesses to focused led by has promised a big but the world of hacking is easily large enough to occupy all that money and more. double the amount set out for a similar strategy in but has to deal with a world where has moved from novels and movies to our phones and even are range of misdeeds which can be described as a is and demands a similarly large range of the most technically complex can entail a team of elite hackers working under the remit of a nation state to create programs which take advantage of previously unknown flaws in software called or for the amount of time the manufacturer has had to fix them in order to confidential damage key or develop a beachhead for further to be a hacker Read of that sort of include the a specially made computer virus attributed to the US and which was deliberately designed to infect and damage centrifuges used in the nuclear and the 2015 hack of the Office of Personnel attributed to which led to the personal information of millions of US government workers being stolen. Twitter The heavy water nuclear facility near most dangerous hacking groups are known as persistent not only but highly competent criminal that carry out technically difficult targeted hacks. But not all involve technical skills or actors. At the opposite end of the scale are hacks that take advantage of security ambiguities in user and even good human hackers are picking not the most valuable targets but the most lightly defended such as computers that had security updates or users who will happily click on malicious links if they are told that their bank sent are like the Garden these hackers are the sort of people who will grab an unattended handbag and run. It may be less but for the vast majority of computer the sort of they should spend more of their time defending even have to include according to Some of the past successes in fighting involve tackling the practice of sending a fake email purporting to be from a trusted sender to encourage the recipient to enter confidential can be fought by taking down the servers that collect the confidential which the government has been but also by teaching individuals how to a and how to tell real websites from its simplest may not even involve computers much at all. is the name in the hacker community for convincing an or individual to do things they and is an important part of the hacker toolkit. For Mat a Wired had his entire digital life erased when hackers convinced Apple to reset his password with information they had convinced Amazon to hand over all using nothing more complex than a phone then there are the simplest of just logging into things using the default passwords. how a collection of cheap devices like and kettles ended up being corralled into a network big enough to take down most of the for the east coast of the US two weeks can kettles take down the Twitter trust your kettle ... for the being into a The devices were all vulnerable because their default passwords were be changed. That made it simple for a hacker to write a program that would automatically log in to those rewrite their and leave them controlled by a central server. Even more those enslaved devices then start seeking out further devices to drag into the meaning that if you connect a vulnerable kettle to the it will be hacked within an hour. It need a human to do the the just scans for new kettle and logs in using the default and how does that take down the a technique called denial of or A denial of service attack involves overwhelming a particular server with requests as though you decided to harm a small business by permanently calling their and refusing to so no one else could get through. But denial of service attacks are fairly easy to because they come from one and hard to send enough traffic from one computer to overwhelm another denial of service attack involves commanding networks of thousands or millions of computers or kettles to all send their requests at the same time. Not only can it leave the server unable to respond to real it can even leave it so overwhelmed that it fails crashing key services or even revealing information to the that brought down parts of the last week was targeted at a particularly important which acted as the main gateway for a number of large sites including whose network itself hosts even more that but with the proliferation of smart the number of things that can be hacked is growing daily. connecting more and more things to the and some of those things we really want to be for security firm revealed vulnerabilities in a brand of insulin pump that diabetics use to control their condition. The weakness allowed an attacker to remotely trigger insulin potentially leading to a fatal shock. In weaknesses were discovered in power plants across the US and that could cause them to shut down or malfunction if a malicious hacker decided to attack them. And as cars become more hackers are going after them researchers who discovered how to remotely disable the brakes on Jeeps in 2015 reported this year that they had found new attacks which could do even more on an really defend against all of can do a though not in the ways you might think. The extra money spent on staff in and for result in teams of spooks staring at big screens shouting things like the trace and send spike the The money will be the government to the fight to those who threaten in in part by back against those that try to harm our not clear what form retaliation could especially when identifying the perpetrator is not straightforward. And from do everything. Experts agree that much of the response to needs to be no other way to for that cheap electronics made in China and sold in the be used to attack websites hosted in the US but serving the entire western solutions are but come with other costs. In the wake of the for researchers have called for stronger regulations requiring timely security and putting the cost of any damage on the manufacturer if no updates are available. That could help prevent future but might also raise the cost of such 
WONDERFUL you were expecting Fiver to add to the football slight to a solitary City victory over a side missing three including its midfield afraid going to have to let you down. With on the verge of qualifying for Big knockout stages in the home country of rather focus on their particular what with men having beaten each of their Group G rivals already and now looking set fair to qualify for the knockout stages with two games to spare. are the most popular champions in living have yet to concede a goal in Big Cup and are managed by a man who spent night sitting by his front door handing out sweets to He has also just been nominated for the on a shortlist boasting nine other blokes who the Fiver suspects be rushing to draft acceptance speeches in keeps focus as fairytale beckons Read last time this squad visited they were on a jolly and dressed as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles among other cartoon characters. Tonight they will take the field in equally fantastical wearing the costumes of Premier League champions and attempting to beat a team that has not lost any of its past 28 matches at home. understand everybody wants to win but for us important that we have everything in our said can write a new chapter of the story but maybe not important to concentrate because are well I respect them a lot. But we are very close to achieving something at Spurs will entertain in a group nobody seems particularly keen on escaping. A win for men would put some serious daylight between them and their but could prove tricky for a side despite playing fairly has failed to win any of its past five games. One of those making up the numbers on that shortlist for the has ordered his players to make the prospect of playing at an rather than an for their opponents. our responsibility to create the that says an exciting thing to come here and play at but it will be tougher for you too to play against because you play against 90,000 supporters that are very excited and bring all of their energy to he said. If those 90,000 can muster as much enthusiasm as their England counterparts when the national team plays at the Fiver can only conclude that Spurs are ON BIG live at on Big Website for 2-1 while will be on hand for 0-0 OF THE would like to leave this damn country as soon as just one of the alleged zingers from manager in a leaked published in the media and resulting in an invitation to exit the door marked Do One. Twitter way is it possible that clubs like Arsenal and are just taking the idea of a seriously by deliberately giving it to people who Or did the False 9 emerge because number at big teams stopped like a chicken and egg parable for the new millennium the thread of teams with a terrible run of number on a recent holiday to I picked up a shirt with on the back in a desperate attempt to boost my football hipster credentials. Upon getting home I checked out the page only to discover that no player is registered with this squad number. Therefore the closest thing this club has to a is me and a number of other achingly tedious peers visited the town of whom might be worse than Rich missive about rides like the attempts at rent open some healed scars from my youth. I was enjoying my first trip to in the spring of youth with my visiting all the trying out A Small World when the ride broke down. For five hours. With the song still playing. A few years later we went back to the on the ride joking about what happened last time. The jokes stopped when it happened this time for a scant two hours. With the same song on a loop. Last year I took my who became my during the to the same park. her first time visiting and she wants to go on all of the assuring me that lightning like most strikers strike three times and be fine. Two hours later she spent her time stuck on the ride alternating between consoling me and grinding her teeth at the repetition of the eponymous song. I go on that ride any the recent letters on the curse of the Arsenal and the Can I put forward a case for the United curse of the numbers 1 to 35 where do I start Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager Towers. not out till so you the lucky got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring AND has suffered yet more ruling him out of say we are gutted would be an sighed is such a great boy and has worked so hard that he deserves better luck than Twitter Yet more John via news Joey has been allowed back on the Rangers premises. management team will inform the player of appropriate training arrangements to which he must adhere for as long as he remains a Rangers cooed a club mayor Khan has weighed in with his two worth on Taxpayers arena. mayor is deeply concerned about the finances of the which have clearly been left in a total and utter mess by the previous administration at City a spokesman for are feeling on top of the world at the so says with the north derby to look forward to on at home and full of confidence we can come away with a the Wales midfielder After being banished to the Old is back in the United fold. in their squad for the match at least. And has been named along with on the shortlist for top dugout WANT an inquiry was ordered into the Stadium examines the how it and footing the bill. you you need to smell the to smell where the cross is says underrated landmark City victory over showed his side are ready for top says the link between Success and Which footballers have their nationality in their The Manager 2017 Big and a video on how the data is made. Includes obligatory mention of in the first comment below the line. A creative solo a wonderful team a delicate lob and a cushioned of the week. And is a target for shy Tony West reckons The Mill. and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND 
who has died at the age of captained to glory at the 1970 World Cup. At how many World Cups did he One His win rate puts him up there with former England boss sort of. Three Five Seven The Cubs are currently playing the in the World Series. Who was US president when the Cubs last won the The Cubs haven't won the World Series since 1908 there was no and only 46 although they did win it in 1907. John Bill is the only footballer on the shortlist for the award. How many games did he start for England at None One The group match against Two Four Who was the last to win the He is the only player who has won the award. Best Who his boss with the tsunami just hit my bank so thank you very picked up when the golfer won the Cup. think he was quite said deserved it. He's a big part of what we do. He was with me when I was in the world and when I was Four of the eight teams left in the League Cup have never won the competition. Which of them has never made it to the United Hull City have won it eight United Arsenal twice and United once. West Ham United suffered the indignity of losing 4-0 against on Against which team did his side lose 3-0 in the 2014-15 when they won the City United West In fairness to they had already won the league by this stage. Which institution has received a donation from Nets basketball player The Soul Foundation The school for kids who can't read good and want to do other stuff good too Salvation Army University studied at the university and has asked that his money go towards grant aid and renovations to the basketball arena. If it's Nice in Real and in La and and in the who is it in the Premier City Spurs remain the only unbeaten team in the Premier League but they welcome the champions to White Hart Lane on so that statistic might change this weekend. Arsenal The Four Nations is being contested by New and which other Great South are competing this year following appearances from Wales New Guinea and You your friends Share on Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on Share on Share on Share on Share on Messenger Close Submit quiz of the 
I knew for only a little over 11 but his music has been part of my life from my early when I was starting to write my first was a towering figure in musical life. Premieres of his works were big events. He was a pianist and jazz musician who was outrageously skilled in each of these categories. It seemed unfair that so much talent was given to just one man. As a young and eager I was obsessed with consuming as much music as I could get my hands and I even stole a score of first symphony from my local library because I coveted it so much. I get enough of his heady mix of strict and sensuous orchestral sound. In the he was one of few that alone was enough to give him status. Then there was his translation done with his the pianist of complex theoretical book on new a bible for young composers in the when I met him in a restaurant in New just after I was very nervous. including my teacher and great friend Oliver told me get on like a house on but that made me even more apprehensive. What if we just hit it What I remember from the first moment of eye contact was that was a person I immediately felt comfortable with. I was dazzled by his amazing wit and a but here was somebody I felt always known. Maybe because I knew his music so well. Twitter get enough of his Mark on met regularly in New or over the following years. He was and remains the funniest man ever never always incisive and wise. In the first year of our friendship we emailed each other almost every day. He had this wicked way of writing that was sardonic but always kind. I would provoke him by just listing composers I knew would elicit a withering response because of what he considered their ineptitude. But when he loved a such as or he would be effusive in his praise. And if we started to talk about the conductor John you stop him admired him greatly. I saw him perform both solo and with other jazz singers. By his own he possess the most spectacular singing but his musical phrasing and the way he each interpretation of every song is something I have rarely witnessed and will never forget. almost four years after his I miss him so much his turn of phrase and his with that slight twang. I spent many hours grieving him at house in We listened to a huge amount of his music that we along with many new discoveries. There is so much incredible music he wrote across so many different almost bewildering. From numerous for instruments from the guitar to to chamber music and works for choirs all composed with consummate skill. And all those film Not just Murder on the Orient Express. I remember Oliver bought a rare copy of the film Figures in a Landscape and we at the invention and modernity of the score. If he could read this just be and sigh enigmatically. What a what a man. The Symphony Total is at the on 27 Box 020-7638 
Are you struggling to keep on top of your small Perhaps feeling overwhelmed by the array of technology solutions on offer. Or maybe interested in growth but are bogged down by rising business costs. Good is the lifeblood of any successful but with of small firms owed an estimated managing the flow of money can be a juggling act. Many entrepreneurs will also not have the resources to hire professional but will add bookkeeper to their ever burgeoning list of tasks. Technology can help from accountancy software and money management to smart meters and mobile payment tools. But how do you know which to invest time and money If you are struggling with questions of cash such as how to automate payments to suppliers or chase late how to make efficiencies in your business to cut costs or budget and how to boost revenue while on the join us from on 29 when our panel of experts will be available to take your questions. Taking part is just register to comment. Once you have signed you can post your questions in the comments thread below this article. tweet with your or email them to and we will put them to the panel on the day. Comments are open and we welcome questions in is a serial entrepreneur and founder of POD which was named one of the tech companies in the by the Times and now turns over a is an entrepreneurial chartered accountant who is used to running his business on the move. He has found technology invaluable when it comes to having a view of his and his Swift works as a sustainability consultant at the Carbon assisting to understand the business case of opportunities. He recently appeared as the Energy working with Smart Energy to discuss energy consumption with small businesses in Golds is an experienced business supporting female founders to develop their businesses and achieve success. She is also a published her book How to Be Your Own Boss As a Single Mum reached number eight in the Amazon download chart on its release. King is the chief executive of the Chartered Institute of Credit Management and author of the collection of managing written in partnership with the Department for Energy and Industrial Strategy is the of a technology solution that allows entrepreneurs to release money tied up in unpaid invoices. The business expects to release of advances by the end of Zoo is the and creative director of Zoo a fitness class company that also provides party activities and workshops. Drake is the founder of The Wealth Project Holdings a sustainable investment business that supports and invests in entrepreneurs through technology and capital. Sign up to become a member of the Guardian Small Business Network here for more insight and best practice direct to your your 
There are only 30 remaining doctors in and they have been describing an unimaginable some of which I have seen firsthand. They have to perform amputations on children on the floor of their rudimentary emergency rooms without anesthesia or proper sterilization. They are running short on blood intravenous antibiotics and pain maps that show how the net closed on eastern Read doctors have been struggling to provide for a traumatized population of 300,000 while their hospitals are bombed daily and their medical supplies and medications are have been working nonstop for the past three dealing with the influx of a large number of and crush patients suffering from horrible pulled from under the are targeted frequently in especially in mostly by the government and lately by jets. Physicians for Human Rights has recorded 382 attacks on medical of which 344 were carried out by the regime and they were also responsible for the deaths of 703 of the 757 medical personnel killed in the war so far. Most of doctors have the Medical reported that was the worst month for attacks on since the beginning of the conflict. There were 43 attacks on health facilities in the month more than one a day. By this number of attacks occurred over six months in with 47 attacks from to few months two of my colleagues and I made the dangerous trip from to in order to volunteer in a medical mission with the Medical Society. We worked in a hospital that was built 20 meters underground because it was targeted a dozen times in the past four lived and slept in the while hearing the sounds of explosions nearby. The hospital was operated by a generator and connected to the world through satellite and a was so surreal for a critical care specialist from to witness nurses and doctors in an underground hospital in a besieged Middle Eastern city. was the largest trauma hospital in performing 4,000 surgeries every year. In its intensive care I treated innocent victims of the and I still remember vividly who was pulled from under the rubble of his destroyed house after a barrel bomb thrown by a regime helicopter exploded while he was sustained a spinal cord injury and lung contusion. Doctors struggled to manage his case with very limited resources. We were unable to evacuate him to Turkey for surgery because the only road leading from the city was bombed every day by regime forces trying to encircle the city. A few days gave up. He suffered cardiac arrest and was pronounced is only one of thousands of innocent civilians who could have been saved in any other conflict or disaster area with simple means. His and those of tens of thousands of occurred because they lacked access to proper medical care. It constitutes a war we the situation became more dire because of the ensuing siege. The only female obstetrician in the city told me that she has been using sewing threads to suture her patients after because of a shortage of surgical has been delivering mostly children with very low birth weight as pregnant women have no access to meat or vitamins. Food and baby formula are becoming so and for the first time in its modern is witnessing children with severe tears about the pictures of the injured children of is not enough. Hugging your children is not enough. The expected human response when seeing someone in distress is to exert our utmost effort to relieve their distress. children are not dolls to cry over and then move are as are our political if we act when we watch videos of children crying in agony because war criminals are bombing them or snipers shooting at them. Tweeting and about although necessary to spread the does not absolve us from doing what matters most which is saving their lives and building a better future for person can do several things right now to help children like the boy from besieged whose photo showing his and face after being rescued following an captured the attention and millions of other children affected by the conflict in now and call your political leaders and president demanding that your country exert its moral leadership to stop the genocide and save now. In the we should not wait for the next president to take office. By that it will be too late. We should place ending the genocide at the top of the national would mean specific plans for stopping the genocide and bringing not merely applying What is happening in is affecting all of wherever we live. The refugee the rise of sentiment and terrorism are all consequences of the crisis in Our national leaders should muster the political will to end with faith and civic groups in your city to form a broader coalition that can force our political leaders to act. This is the and this how democracy works. If we said we should mean and we should have political leaders responsible if they failed the genocide up in medical societies and meetings. Invite speakers to your hospitals to address the attacks on medical neutrality and The medical community should not tolerate a new normal where 150 years of conventions and International Humanitarian norms are thrown under the bus and undermined every day. The medical community can play a major role in forcing political leaders to listen to the pleas of nurses struggling to save lives while being bombed by the most advanced war in medical missions to help refugees. There are many including Global that provide medical relief to refugees in neighboring countries and in Join a experience when you extend a hand of healing to a desperate refugee living in a tent thinking that the world has forgotten about a chapter to help resettle refugees in your city following the steps of the Community Network. More than 13,210 refugees have been resettled in the US so and more are expected to arrive in the next few generously. We are a country of so let us do what we do best by donating to charities and that are touching the lives of thousands of refugees or in distress in places including bombing of besieged has become perhaps the most critical besides the chemical in which has killed more than 450,000 people since 2011. The special envoy for warned that now and if we cannot find a will not be there any When the dust settles and facts are fully the bombing of will be viewed as one of the worst war crimes since the second world C the director of the Religious Freedom put it future generations will long remember about this moment in history is not bombastic rhetoric about border walls or deleted emails. Future generations will remember us and judge us by what we did or did not do to stop the East and North 
GOOD been working in football for more than a year you could be forgiven for thinking that might have figured out how things work by now. with his relentless ridiculously reasonable world view and ready supply of amusing the manager steadfastly refuses to play the game preferred by many of his more and intimidating counterparts at other clubs. played by one of despite all available evidence to the contrary he continues to under the delusion that devoting hefty portions of money and leisure time to supporting a team is supposed to be when in fact the default setting of most fans The Fiver sees at football is a kind of outrage that occasionally boils over into the kind of funk that prompts grown men to throw coins their own coins at each smash up porcelain and engage in other kinds of ludicrous if will be rewarded with the prize of a banning order that means they can devote their free time to more serene pursuits they might actually 10 things to look out for this weekend Read On the manager was at it prattling on about the currently enveloping training ground while telling hacks that can always have an optimistic Try telling that to miserable Ken whose current gloomy cinema offering has been making headlines this week. The often harrowing story of a once proud manager forced to survive on handouts from an assortment of football film details the forlorn grind of a man cruelly exiled from to live alone in a poorly appointed northern hovel while contending with the ludicrous number of injustices and humiliations visited upon him on an almost daily basis. such are the hardships the character is forced to small wonder several critics have dismissed the movie on the grounds of its preposterous back to he said of the good vibes emanating from dressing room. not cool when you always think about football that more you should be feeling better. our job to The next step in his plan to make fans feel even better involves a trip to where his team will take on a Crystal Palace side managed by a man who prefers to express his satisfaction through the medium of body popping. for it is will be hoping that prompts some excruciating technical area dad dancing with a goal or two against his former club. the man who sanctioned his sale to Palace was so effusive in his praise for the that a wonder he actually let him go this summer. had to make said by way of explanation. always honest. My door is always open. The agreement we have is work While a willingness to graft and has never been strong you can bet be straining every sinew come time on evening. QUOTE OF THE offer came and I was starting to think that if I go we must be it is for fun and for money. It could be easier. There were some problems with the transfer and then came in. The manager came and convinced gets the chat on about his correspondence from Lord and game at Standard with Hunter. Twitter Your man. for the OF THE had a huge impact on the club and football. Someone of his stature quite iconic status engenders an excitement and vibe which was much needed for football in the early stages of the season. While the club could afford his it would also send the wrong message to all the other players that one player is getting a salary while the others have to take a pay cut. It would create a social Rovers chief suit gets a bit too creative with his praise as he explains refusal to take a from his reported per month did take my life into my hands and attend the West Ham v match. despite the powers that be blaming individuals and threatening life bans from the problems can be boiled down to mismanagement at best and downright greed at worst. To have four preparation ahead of handing over control of a stadium for regular football matches and still not have the facility for the police to be in attendance because their radios work is incomprehensible. To have that amount of time and not even consider that proper robust segregation is not something which means admitting that your fans can sometimes be a bit uppity disregarding safety. The inclusion of the two at either end of the stadium have caused with the one at the away end being one of the flash point locations as it was there that home and away fans were kept apart by means of a rickety fence and a line of youths. On that the employing of hundreds of enthusiastic foam finger waving theme park attendants as stewards has done little if anything to bring the unruly mob into line. In the choice by the club to allow holders to purchase up to six additional tickets when their seats has meant that those traditionally only arriving at Park for cup games or the odd fixture are now regular among which I am sure are many who Lady would rather have not bothered. Looking at where the gaps were in the seats on it is clear that she is probably more concerned with the number of empty than those in the gods. Of the who were there were around 200 involved in what the press is branding as Shouting and swearing and have been around in football since it was invented and came crawling out of the primordial so those delicate souls complaining of noise and drunken can be excused as being numbered among the but there were a few saw seats thrown across the divide between rival sets of supporters and some coinage some of which undoubtedly found its intended target. If the is that and coupled with the evidence of the videotaping police West Ham should be able to identify those involved from both sets of and set about banning them properly and making a show while doing it. The empty seats can then be offered to those of the many according to apparently on a waiting list for season tickets. get back to talking about how inconsistent West Ham have been this season as quickly as possible because all this stadium coverage is frankly boring worried West Ham trouble could harm move for standing Read the banning of attenders at the Taxpayer Dome. It seems that we have the beginning of a successful STOP FOOTBALL movement. All we need to do is keep holding matches there and keep those cameras rolling. 23 banned in a little more than three months means this will take but the journey of a thousand I need a video game to waste even more of my day but I did want to publicly thank for befriending a young man in New in 1978. He even introduced me to and we kicked a ball back and forth on east 54th street outside my apartment while I waited for my laundry to finish. Hell of a guy. the peace in gum wars Bits and Can someone please explain to that saying has blown up the misses the whole point of Hubba link to an article about the unreadability of certain fonts on the and his request that The Fiver follow the trend Fiver May I suggest that The Fiver is already quite judged solely by the of its content. No further Mike must take issue with Having seen loads of media studies I can confirm that they are pretty much always better produced than the Channel 5 Championship highlights And and better informed. But I take his point. It is hard to see how it could be worse. Maybe a new Stop Football Highlights Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager Towers. not out till 4 so you the lucky got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters AC and co for the latest thrilling of Football Weekly Extra. And Producer tells us there are still some tickets available for the Palladium live show on 15 THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring AND will reign at West until the summer of 2018 after the Baggies boss landed a new contract. want to build things here and play my part in improving the he Pep has lavished praise on his Hawthorns counterpart before visit. have heard a lot about Tony and I would like to congratulate Tony on his new cheered Pep. have been speaking with my players and I understand he made it almost impossible for visiting teams to win at he in a surefire sign that he too has been subjected to the windy night Ham boss is feeling funky after seeing the name dragged through the gutter by a witless minority. does hurt. Of course it he sighed. club deserve the players deserve the fans deserve it. The majority of of more Man Says Something has tried to explain away ongoing United absence. not Sometimes I confuse the meaning in the mooed their profile is adapted to come and some others they need more time to feel the intensity and the the game without the the got more time to read up on progressive politics after suits told the suspended midfielder to stay suspended until a second disciplinary hearing on 17 impresario reckons the next manager needs to match their unrealistic aspirations. our we have big ambition this stadium was built for football and where we want to get in the he whooped. want to start achieving something on the pitch about the trophies that you the memories you create and I want to start doing that Lock up your WANT on why the whoppers who want to watch their team play if they had an openly gay player among them should just do Ten Ten Ten Then Ten Ten Ten Then Ten Twitter Here you go. John Images via Tony via are some rank bad owners of clubs at the reckons And chipping away at the children are our waxes lyrical as finishes off an move with at least one million passes in the latest from our Golden Goal series. and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND THE 
Daughter says about her King hath ever but slenderly known What should be known about Post your answers and new questions below or email them to Please include address and phone and
The victory of Trump in this US presidential election sparked a debate about the impact of the sharing of fake and misleading news on the final and how fake news helped Trump win a real election Read put together some of the false election stories that were widely shared by search engines or on social media alongside some events that did actually happen. Can you distinguish fact from Trump won the popular vote in the US election by 700,000 votes True False Trump won the but he is trailing in the popular vote. But on 14 the first entry in news category was a post from a site called Its election 2016 Trump won both popular and Electoral College Votes An agent suspected in email leaks found dead in an apparent True False This story was circulated widely on on 5th. The only The Guardian doesn't exist as a newspaper. The domain was first registered in as journalists at the Post are keen to point out Trump once claimed climate change was a hoax created by China True Trump has since denied he said though his Twitter account tells a different story. Trump has also attempted to roll back on his climate change comments by saying they were a but he campaigned for the White House on a platform of climate change False News chairman K. appointed chief White House strategist for Trump True afraid so. False stumbled while leaving memorial event raising concerns about her health True The caught on fanned the flames various conspiracy theories about health. The Democratic presidential candidate's doctor later released a statement revealing had been diagnosed with pneumonia False Pope backed Trump for the White House True False Pope did not back Trump for the White House. But at the time of news such as 5 News are still preaching this line with decent exposure. According to similar fantasy the pope previously backed... In told would like to see people like Trump run for office. They're and can't be True False A website called was one of several to repeat this which picked up hundreds of thousands of shares. The was the release of paid speeches. The quote was entirely fabricated Trump was born in True False Clearly a riff on Trump's support for the the false story that Trump was in fact born made its way albeit with a pinch of salt to one television network backed has hired more more than anyone I know in the True False page has racked up almost 5 million likes. This shared by tens of was entirely fabricated. Other recent News stories include the suppositions that has declared martial law and West is leaving the country because of Trump's election In a 1998 People Trump I were to run as a Republican. They're the dumbest group of voters in the country. They believe anything on Fox News. I could lie and they'd still eat it up. I bet my numbers would be True False This has been drifting across the since Trump's campaign to become Republican Presidential nominee gained traction in but despite thousands of the interview and resulting quote never happened. You your friends Share on Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on Share on Share on Share on Share on Messenger Close Submit 
To make partner at a big law firm is to grab a brass ring of wealth and security. for some that ring is being yanked away. Wrestling with a difficult some big law firms are demoting partners meaning they are no longer owners in the firm who share in annual profits. The latest to publicly weigh such a step is a powerhouse New firm that indicated recently that it would revamp primarily through demotions and delays in promotions to full partnership status. or even partners is not new in the legal industry. A decade the efforts at Sterling to jettison unproductive partners were called But it is a tool the legal industry once wielded sparingly. back now because there is a growing recognition that demand for legal services is not picking up and firms are facing overcapacity said Peter a law firm consultant. Some firms have been quietly weeding their partner ranks as a result. In a process called law firms set retirement dates for certain equity partners or reduce them to salaried cutting them out of the yearly profit distribution. Such demotions take a heavy toll personally and financially. One who graduated from an Ivy League law school in recalled that her own experience was dismaying and disorienting. After a decade of law firm and government she made partner at an elite firm but was nudged out the door a few years later. It she the first negative feedback she had received from her fellow partners. A feeling of loss stuck with her after her she said. The lawyer said that she had to start her career taking a job that was more junior and at lower pay. She agreed to tell her story on the condition that she and her former firm not be fearing that her professional reputation and livelihood would be seriously harmed as a result. Not all lawyers leave. The number of partners at the 200 largest law firms in the country has more than tripled to an average of 117 per firm in 2014 from an average of just 35 in said D. a principal at a legal consulting firm. And not all partners are the result of reductions in rank. Some lawyers choose it so they do not have to invest capital in the firm typically in the hundreds of thousands of dollars or risk partnership liability if someone sues the firm. And more appear to settle for it as the top level of their career. In partners made up slightly more than 40 percent of all partners at premier up from 17 percent a decade and a half ago. This 22 percent of the 93,000 lawyers in the top 100 firms are equity compared with 35 percent in 1996. Those who have reached the top at least at big law work more hours than their according to figures from Private Law Firm Group. Last ownership partners worked an average of 87 hours annually more than partners up from 64 hours more five years according to a sample of 40 of the largest 50 firms. Putting colleagues out on the or even packing them off to a smaller is not easy. And firms are loath to draw attention to such moves for fear of damaging their prestige and their ability to attract new business. too many according to a study by political and cultural obstacles are hindering pragmatic economic including ousting lawyers who are not needed or not attracting lucrative legal work. the winnowing of partners who can take home hundreds of thousands or even millions of dollars in annual compensation is taking place more frequently. At the decision to revamp its partnership was put in motion a few weeks ago while the firm was in the public advising a the board of Wells on handling the scandal over the creation of millions of unauthorized customer accounts. Even as the lawyers were doling out legal advice to the banking partners were weighing how create a more efficient practice group management according to emails reported by legal publications. The ensuing departure of senior partners amplified attention around the but provided only sparse details of its plan. are not doing interviews about changes to our partnership said a spokeswoman for the but she noted that regularly reviewed and where we invest equity and manage head Founded more than a century found early success tying itself to Wall Street. It later enhanced its reputation by helping Ford Motor go public in 1956 in advising during its acquisition by The firm has had its ups and with including layoffs in the early but it bounced back. The latest push for an overhaul at came after a raft of prominent including an antitrust specialist with the client left the firm. Another clutch of partners specializing in mergers and acquisitions decamped to a rival firm. Like some competitors in its has struggled to grow of late. Its average profit per equity partner fell almost 4 percent last to just under million. And gross revenue last year grew less than 2 to million. Even this year the firm moved up two to No. on the Lawyer 2016 ranking of top a status that is bestowed on firms with strong pro diversity in their ranks and high associate satisfaction scores. Last had 162 equity partners and 26 or fixed partners among its nearly 840 lawyers. The changes will go effect by the year said Ms. the spokeswoman. The existing layer of partners will be expanded allow junior partners to grow into equity she added. At some law including it is difficult to sever partners because a majority of partners is needed to take such action. Even at and some other it is possible to partners without their consent. Even without that the firm can cut back equity partner compensation as much as 25 percent annually a brusque sign that it is time to leave. The advent of a large class of partners bolsters the income but could further expand the bulging middle ranks those who are above associates but below partners. Until that rotund middle is of partners will not be anomalies. law firms having to add 5 percent to 15 percent in new business each year just to stay he all law firms are going to have to slim down some
A bill to significantly amend government plans to revamp parliamentary boundaries will be debated in the Commons on with the MP putting forward the measure saying the scale of proposed changes is causing significant disquiet among government plan is to cut the number of from 650 to 600 and to reshape constituencies to make them all of a similar population the MP for North West who put forward response to the said the government appeared to be acting for party political purposes over the changes are designed to hurt us at next says MP Read parliamentary constituencies which receives its second reading on proposes keeping the number of at 650 and redrawing the constituencies based on newer electoral the government constituencies will be redrawn based on the 2015 voter but an estimated 2 million more people have registered to vote since many prompted to do so by the referendum. wants the electoral commissions of Wales and Northern to be given extra leeway in trying to shape constituencies around traditional boundaries. they must all be within of the average constituency population of around 75,000 electors and the changes would increase this leeway to the various boundary commissions have the power to change the initial outlined in they cannot take into account the 2 million extra electors or go more beyond the range of average population size for each who is standing down as an MP at the next said she had received an number of emails about the changes since introducing the bill in including one from a voter in saying the planned changes would our community in getting the ordinary people in places all over the country emailing Glass said. was really surprised how much attracting own seat would be reshaped into one called and Glass someone from the north of the constituency wanted to travel to a surgery in the south of the because of the way the communications run not if they came on public transport have to have an overnight stay. Clearly ludicrous. And the kind of thing being thrown said it seemed anomalous not to include the new voters in the shakeup. got a democracy in at general election and local fewer and fewer people but when people bother to register not even counting bill proposes changing how often a review of boundaries is required from every five years to 10 to allow to maintain a better link to their argues that reducing the number of makes no sense when the Commons is about to take on new responsibilities in the wake of The government has argued for the reduction on the grounds of something Glass is something wrong in a government which is seeking to reduce the elected house at the same time as it is creating 250 more she said. says about but reducing the House of Commons will save about Increasing the Lords by 250 is So whatever it is clearly not about reducing the cost of the minister for the said the bill was wrecking are opposing boundary reforms as they are paranoid that the leadership and Momentum will use the process to bully and them. But such infighting is not a reason to hold back an review by an independent and impartial of 
A single spark can start a prairie said. And being accused of a bigoted outburst can start a wildfire on the in as a manager for the has learned to his regret. Greater China said it had removed a manager after a The emailed statement from the a unit of which makes cars and other prestigious did not identify the manager or say exactly what he had done. But the news media and users have been much blunter. They accused the president and chief executive of Trucks and Buses of insulting the people on during a squabble with a driver over a parking spot on the outskirts of The controversy took off this week after a user of a popular accused of insulting people after a standoff over the parking spot in a district in northeast where many foreigners and live in townhouse communities that rub shoulders with poorer residents who used to be farmers. am in China one year told the motorist in according to the which The News said came from a friend of the motorist. It said went on to first thing I learned here and then used a crude insult to describe you The account also said used pepper spray against members of the gathering including one man whose eyes were hurt by the spray. has not commented publicly on the quarrel and did not respond to and neither nor the police in have shared so it was impossible to know whether he agreed with that description of events. Even the news media and many users seized on as an example of arrogant Western bigotry and demanded that he and apologize. He became the latest example of the power of the to humble companies and people accused of wounding national pride. people think this was making a mountain out of a said an editorial on in Southern an official newspaper for the southern province of it some foreign companies use racially prejudiced words and actions about even Foreign executives become arrogant about the the newspaper said. a had worked at the truck and bus unit since after a stint in South according to his profile on The controversy over has come hard on the heels of another volatile when H. a Union commissioner from apologized after making crudely disparaging comments about people. Greater China said on that it was about the dispute and stressed that such comments by employees not represent according to news reports. But as the public anger in China grew on the company acted and announced departure from his job. In making the Greater China said the while a private was to the standing of our unbecoming of a manager of our brand and prejudicial to our good news reports celebrated the decision as a victory for good and many appeared to assume that had been fired from But the corporate communications office for Greater China did not answer questions about whether had been dismissed by the company or moved perhaps pending a new assignment elsewhere in the company. Global a popular said it was understandable that frustrated drivers in a painfully congested would exchange sharp words over parking spots. no matter how filthy the hearts should not be the newspaper said. no explaining away an argument that escalates to using
When I read that wrote two different newspaper columns to help him decide whether he should back the remain campaign or I was astonished. A journalist doing double the amount of required work for no extra But looking at not sugar coat his survival skills decided I could learn you might have in three time there will be this election somewhere. So this week I shall write two one for each of the two possible outcomes no one mention hanging so that dear can deploy the relevant one come morning. Consider this my homage to the without the risk of me then becoming foreign secretary. Because while may be a divided nobody wants welcome to the dawn of President folks. Who could have foreseen that 6 bombshell in that was in the pay of all This did at least explain his otherwise completely inexplicable but the fact that closest aide was married to a spy was too much for and so they handed the election to the guy who used to sell result was announced just a few hours and already Trump has ordered that the White House be gold plated and renamed Trump Mansion. In its current he the presidential residence is a total a place for but he will soon make it the the most expensive building ever even better than the Trump Plaza and Casino in New closed two years ago and left thousands the stock market has plunged but Trump says this is just because the markets are will soon be using which is the richest according to guys. I have the smartest Because no US politician wants to work with he has put his children into office his son as secretary of as secretary of as chief of and as attorney general her father look tremendous in a Bear pitched up would anyone give him a warm Read one has seen the since the vote was though there is a they were seen fleeing the country in private jet. In the studios say that all but one of their actors have so all movies will now star Hulk Hogan. Coca Cola says it has lost the recipe for all its drinks except New experiment is over. Prince has offered amnesty to any US citizens who wish to return to their colonial but has dismissed because he is now colonial overlord. Chaos President It certainly was a especially with that whole email issue. Who could have foreseen that they would reveal he was swapping dick with one saw your dick and you have the dick of a loser. Mine is doctors tell me I have the greatest dick of all Trump wrote in the first with photographic say the two men sent one another more than 572,000 photos of their penises has asked for a collective lobotomy after reviewing the Since the result was Trump has been seen sitting in his penthouse suite in Trump repeatedly has was her name for his penis. He thought it was because it smelled President the second has appealed for calm help with setting up her White House As promised to the gods in return for ensuring her she passes legislation that no member of the family will be on ever. But trouble lies her heart filled with vows to avenge her father. She doubles the size of her lifestyle which features coded messages that subliminally sow unrest and revolution. Due to their unwavering inability to resist luxury jeans and are soon fully indoctrinated. Chaos elections Freeman's Weekend 
Your phone is pretty much a bucket of germs. Thousands of microscopic bugs crawl around on its surface. Remnants of old skin cells smudge its cover. Tiny hairs stick inside its buttons. And your hands have smeared hundreds of chemicals across its surface. The foundation on your the antidepressants you the shampoo in your shower and even the mosquito repellent you applied down in Panama four months All of these things leave traces on your hands and phone. why scientists say they can use your phone to learn a lot about your lifestyle. In a study published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences last a biochemist at the University of and his colleagues Can scientists or maybe one day police investigators profile a person based on the objects he or she They started with your which you touch on about 2,617 times a day. In the they swabbed the hands of 39 along with their producing hundreds of chemical samples. Then they used techniques from biochemistry to break analyze and identify some of the matching them with entries in a database of chemical structures. Based on the compounds common to both hands and they made inferences about each like whether they drank tea or liked citrus fruits or spent time in the sun. every molecule is a said but those that are you to build a lifestyle sketch of the particular owner or user of that The which was funded by the National Institute of a research agency of the United States Department of calls these deductions lifestyle which could be used in criminal investigations to narrow down a subject pool when or fingerprint evidence yield a match. Some legal experts said the technique could improve upon the subjective impressions of investigators. is not different in kind from what happens all the time in criminal except that it purports to do it more more and potentially more a law professor at the University of who has written about profiling and stereotyping and was not involved in the wrote in an email. The suggestion is worrisome to some forensic scientists. easy to imagine the scenario playing out in a courtroom no match from the in the Pull out the test tubes. Turn on the mass spectrometer. Cue the montage music. you watch a lot of and you can think this is coming said a forensic scientist and criminal profiler. But says that exaggerating the potential could take the actual science too far too as it has with gunshot residue analysis. As gunshot residue became a greater part of forensic scientists determined that it can turn up in places other than the hands of a person who fired a potentially creating false positives. While chemical profiling could one day find its way to a crime lab for use in limited said there was a fat chance it would ever make it into the courtroom. Expert evidence has to reach an extremely high standard for admission at which the technique may not be able to meet. a behavioral scientist at the Northwestern University School of worries that if this technique were to take investigators might ignore or undervalue other leads and push courts to prematurely admit evidence based on potentially inaccurate inferences. smoke and am rarely around cigarette but I just happened to be around someone yesterday who was smoking up a he said. what would detection of nicotine on my really say about my other than something really the lead acknowledged that even if a chemical profile could narrow down a pool of later proving and perhaps their guilt beyond a reasonable ultimately comes down to a full investigation. That means your filthy phone is more likely to reveal that you remembered your or sunscreen than it is to nail you in court.
An backed by global retailers including Target and is giving passing grades to factories that have yet to implement safety changes the retailers pledged to put in place following a deadly building collapse in 2013 that killed 1,137 according to a new report published Guardian has been given an exclusive preview of the first independent systematic survey of the garment factories used by the Alliance consortium of retailers set up after the deadly Plaza factory collapse that triggered a global consumer backlash against major retailers. Plaza workplace dangers persist three years reports find Read and a half years after the building the authors conclude that the factories that provide clothes to some of the biggest names in retail have so far failed to implement key renovations by their own mandated deadlines and still lack viable fire do not have a properly functioning fire alarm have uncorrected structural report concludes that in some once firm deadlines for repairs and improvements set for 2014 and 2015 were scrapped to be replaced with a 2018 deadline that coincides with the end of the Alliance Alliance disputed the saying it relied on inaccurate and outdated information. country director for the Alliance for Worker said he was that the factories would meet standards by when the agreement safety hazards fatal collapse of the Plaza factory in in 2013 is considered the worst garment factory disaster. The disaster highlighted the hazardous working conditions in garment industry and prompted promises of change from retailers including and the wake of the retailers formed two groups to address safety issues in The Accord on Fire and Building Safety in is led by and backed by Marks and others. The signatories agreed to a legally binding agreement in accordance with local and international unions and to publish detailed public reporting of its declined to sign on to the Accord and founded the Alliance for Worker a voluntary organization whose members include Bay whose brands include Fifth Avenue and Lord and whose brands include North Vans and Wrangler. The Alliance has not publish detailed reports of its new titled Dangerous Delays on Worker was compiled by the International Rights the Worker Rights the Clean Clothes Campaign and the Solidarity Network. It identified 175 factories which supply both Accord and in factories with compromised fire exits detailed progress accounts from factories that also produce garments for Alliance the authors compiled a progress report looking at status reports for more than 2,000 required safety renovations across 350 spreadsheets of data. The report found of the 107 factories as being by the 99 were still falling behind in one or more safety Alliance has never offered any justification for the decision to ignore its own safety deadlines. Nor has the Alliance explained why it is responsible to allow factories four years to carry out renovations that should have been completed in less than while still labeling those factories as the authors of the report a letter to the explained the decision to change its deadlines for renovations. respect to the metrics for categorizing a we have adjusted our measurements to reflect the core question of whether a given factory will be substantially safe when the Alliance sunsets in he safety hazards in alliance questioned the methodology. He told the Guardian he regularly met with Accord partners never has anything like this been raised about us falling behind on remediation said the two now split the assessment of factories when both parties used the same facilities and while he conceded Accord members received regular he said he was by the assertion that sending emails once a month is more reliable than having trained engineers inspect factories and reporting their trust my engineers. They are not lying to me and I am not lying when I put things down on he in the Alliance are doing something that has never been done before. We are taking an existing industry that is seriously flawed and trying to correct it from he said. assertion that we could get all this done in one year is frankly ludicrous to anyone who has an engineering or safety background and understands the past state or the current state of the executive director of Rights defended the methodology. He said Accord staff were well aware of any changes in status and regularly in contact with factory managers before they updated their reports. would be their incentive not to report he Plaza disaster one year on in pictures Read report argues the lack of progress placing the lives of thousands of workers in The authors calculate some 120,000 garment workers employed in the 62 factories that produce items for do not have fully viable fire exit systems. Another 55,000 people are employed in factories making clothes for Gap that had compromised fire the report issues persist even though of the factories in the sample were inspected well over two years the authors the group has also been critical of Accord the group had moved to address issues more quickly than the Alliance group and credited their greater transparency for the a significant move to improve said that from all information from each of the visits would be published on the Fair Factories Clearinghouse the same system that the Accord uses. Nova said two main factors were contributing to the lack of retailers were not putting enough pressure on factory owners to make and they were not contributing enough money to help the factory owners make the repairs. The average cost of implementing the promised safety renovations is between and motivated and Target to do the right thing is public embarrassment. We are three and a half years on and they assume memories are said data if overstates progress. not saying that nothing has been done just that this work should have been done a long time ago and you still have issues that could lead to he 
A couple says their home is contaminated with dangerously high levels of radioactive waste left over from the US second world atomic weapons a lawsuit filed in the St County circuit court on and Mike of say dust samples collected from their kitchen and basement were found to contain the radioactive element at levels about 200 times higher than normal levels. In a move they hope shines a light on the continuing impact of the early nuclear weapons program on their the named nine companies in their lawsuit that they say are responsible for decades of negligence that led to the contamination of their how became a millionaire's enclave Read stress my husband and I have been under is equally said of the test results from her home afternoon. was sad. Shocking. I had a good cry. After that I was pissed as hell and ready to attorneys said the test result documents would not be immediately and that the analysis was carried out by a researcher in conjunction with a private laboratory in city of St played a lesser known role in the US push to develop the first atomic weapons in the a program called the Project that continues to plague thousands of residents here. For the city hosted a plant where raw uranium ore from the went through the initial stages of purification. A plot of land near St airport became a dumping ground for the radioactive waste from that and eventually a haphazard storage site for other radioactive waste including 60 tons of radioactive sands captured from near the end of the the end of the second world the private and public entities responsible for the waste merged and passed off culpability for St radioactive legacy. The waste was moved and dumped around the region at a still unknown prominent case is that of a tributary of the River that flows through St northern suburbs and is known to have been contaminated by radioactive nuclear weapons waste. Last the US army corps of engineers which has assumed responsibility for cleaning up most of the contaminated sites confirmed it had found in residential and public property along the study this year found dust and dirt samples collected around north St County contained levels of a radioactive lead higher than the Department of threshold for exposure to low levels of radiation is linked to higher rates of according to the Environmental Protection Agency A nonscientific survey of current and former residents of the area found that nearly a third of 3,300 respondents reported including 43 cases of appendix cancer a disease so rare that fewer than 1,000 cases are expected in the United States each year. A 2014 study by department of health and senior services found elevated rates of cancer and autoimmune diseases in zip codes near known contaminated six people in my and all six of us have said who has lived in north St County her whole life. In daughter died of a rare form of brain cancer. 2014 study on cancer rates in the area found seven cases of childhood brain cancer in zip code there should have only been two or three. people literally and still sitting here doing allege that the dust found in their home can be traced to the West Lake a dump adjacent to their where an unknown amount of Project waste was illegally dumped by a private company in the The waste is still landfill is now owned by the waste management giant Republic which the name in their have not seen the or any scientific data to support its a Republic Services said in an emailed statement. federal state and experts have been clear that the Landfill is safe. There has been no evidence that supports a claim for contamination. The landfill remains in a managed the studies commissioned by attorney general last year found that trees and vegetation on properties adjacent to the landfill had absorbed radioactive and that chemicals found in area groundwater could be traced back to the complex. In the which has jurisdiction over the site found that radioactive particles had been detected in rainwater runoff near the landfill. Environmental Protection Agency has not received any new data regarding any migration of radiologically impacted material from the West Lake an spokesperson told St Public Radio in response to the suit. we have previously if individuals have scientifically valid data that we could they should share that with The protection of human health and the environment remains highest priority at the West Lake site and all scientifically data available to demonstrate no health risks to residents or employees in the local not by the test said Dawn of Just Moms an organization that is pushing for cleanup of the West Lake landfill and for buyouts for nearby residents. people are going to be cooking Thanksgiving in their kitchen next and what are they supposed to federal government has abandoned us. left us to fight a corporation on our have 30 more years of putting into our said. She and her husband moved into their home in 1999. horrible that everything here is wrapped up in and is now worthless. I willfully come into but been dumped on and not going to my head in the sand and pretend everything is world 
The Department of Immigration and Border Protection has denied suggestions it sought to delay access to information about asylum seekers on after receiving a letter from the saying a lag was due to a mistake made by a a public hearing of the Administrative Appeals which reviews government lawyers for the department attributed the delay in fulfilling a freedom of information application to a simple they argued the should be appealed on the grounds it could reasonably be expected to damage international a concern that since March. can categorically deny that any inference that can be taken from the evidence before the tribunal that been some sort of deliberate tactic to delay the official says department is release of documents about Read comes two weeks after a department official accidentally sent an email to Guardian about the of freedom of information department is seeking an extension to appeal the information decision on a freedom of information request made by the lawyer about the number of asylum seekers or refugees on who identify as a specific language religion and is representing a woman who was raped and became pregnant during her time as an asylum seeker on She made the in 2015 to assist in a high court application to prevent the who was flown to to have the pregnancy from being returned to argued that the delay in receiving information prejudices her who could be deported to on 72 appeal period on the information decision expired in but the department did not lodge its application with the tribunal until 14 reading from a statement by the assistant director of the said the file had been by a and that only became aware of the mistake when sent a letter on 18 referred to the information being sought as and said it was both private personal which the information commissioner and too impersonal to be relevant to counsel for said a like the department ought to be able to meet procedural other in my respectful would not be given the indulgence of referring to and blaming a nameless third party for failing to take appropriate she said the move to block the release of the information under section 33 of the Freedom of Information which refers to international was not cache of 2,000 leaked reports reveal scale of abuse of children in offshore detention Read about the diplomatic impact of the information appears to coincide with Guardian publication on of the a collection of more than 2,000 documents that alleged abuse and mistreatment of asylum seekers in the offshore processing 26 the tribunal two weeks after the files were the government sent a letter requiring they be informed of information requests about the offshore government ought to be given the opportunity to have something to say about what the consequences might be for itself and for the third party if the information was to be deputy hearing the reserved her immigration and 
Trump appears to have softened his stance on a range of sweeping campaign saying in his first interview since his election as US president that he might not repeal and that prosecuting over confidential emails was not a who had said he would repeal and after taking told the Wall Street Journal he might instead seek to reform the keeping the ban on insurers denying coverage for said he would also look to retain the provision that allowed young adults to be insured on their adding that he had been convinced of the virtues of the two points in his meeting with on and his family also filmed an interview with 60 Minutes to be broadcast on The said he would or repeal and replace without any gaps in provision. will be just fine. what I do. I do a good job and I know how to do this he told Having called a and during the Trump struck a conciliatory tone towards his former opponent in both interviews. The Wall Street Journal asked about campaign promises to appoint a special prosecutor to pursue criminal charges against his Democratic rival over her use of a private email server to conduct official business as secretary of state. Twitter What will be the first actions Trump takes as not something given a lot of because I want to solve border tax Trump said. The statement may anger the core many of whom chanted her lock her at campaign rallies. He told 60 Minutes the call in which conceded the election was was a tough call for I can imagine ... She have been nicer. She just said well very strong and very he adding that Bill had also called. have been more gracious. He said it was an amazing run. One of the most amazing he had ever Trump said of the former Republican shock victory has led to protests in some cities and on university and there have been allegations of racist and attacks. Trump told the Wall Street Journal he wanted to soothe the febrile public mood. want a country that loves each he said . The best way to do this was by creating whether the tone of his campaign had gone too he I vice Mike will play a key role in his serving as a liaison with Trump said. On Trump put Pence in charge of his transition while his her and his sons and joined the executive committee. The Peter and the former chairman of News who directed are also on the committee. On foreign Trump described resolving the conflict as ultimate deal As a like to do the deal that be made. And do it for he he said his focus would be on fighting State rather than getting rid of the is now totally aligned with and now you have which is becoming because of is aligned with Now backing rebels against and we have no idea who these people he said had received a letter from the and would speak to him soon. Protesters across the US have been preparing for a weekend of demonstrations in response to as other activists began work on plans to disrupt his inauguration in early next protests against Trump and a campaign that was widely as divisive have spread to cities all over the country following his victory on leading to dozens of arrests and a complaint from Trump on Twitter about in one of his first public remarks as on morning a man was shot at a protest in where police also reported that had been thrown at officers. police announced 25 arrests and described the situation as a than 10,000 people have signed up to attend a march at midday on from New Union Square to Trump the future home and corporate headquarters. us in the Stop Trump and his bigoted the of the said in a post. The Loyal White Knights of the said on their website they would be holding a in North next month. There have been reports of racist and other discriminatory attacks following the election. The Southern Poverty Law Center has logged more than 200 such incidents since the told the New think any question that been an politicians expressed deep misgivings about the victory and attacked hopes that the result would lead to a good trade deal for as delusional. a senior told the before the chances were rather now the hope for this kind of deal seems delusional ... With a more Trump it is in United own interest to seek close cooperation with their partners in this the president of the said Trump needed to learn is and how it think we will waste two years before Trump tours the world he does not he the foreign described the reaction as He said on he would not be attending an emergency foreign meeting to discuss the election result. A Foreign Office spokesman told the Press is a regular foreign affairs council meeting on where a range of issues can be discussed in the normal way. do not see the need for an additional meeting on because the US election timetable is long established. An act of democracy has taken there is a transition period and we will work with the current and future administrations to ensure the best outcomes for The former chief Sir John struck a cautionary tone in an interview with the World At One. getting back into a world which is quite he raising the prospect of the US going to war with or elections 
My wife and I flew to for a winter walking in We had to fly back to the on the advice of hospital as my aunt had been taken seriously ill. My wife was her official next of kin and unofficial carer. She died before we arrived contacted our travel insurance from and were assured that we could make a claim. We sent the form and a medical report from the and informed us by phone that the claim had been approved. Days later we received another call from telling us that a mistake had been made and the claim was no longer approved because an aunt does not qualify as a I wrote to protest and received a further call from advising that an independent underwriter had agreed in the the aunt could be deemed to be a was then a further delay before we received a letter from once again disallowing the this time on medical grounds. We appealed and heard in spite of two further reminder letters. I asked for a copy of the complaints procedure and was told that my letters had not been replied to as the case That was last month. Since we have heard nothing. It appears to us we are being ignored. Insurance companies are notorious for wriggling out of claims but few duck and weave as shamelessly as this. is disinclined to explain how it plumbed such depths of customer service. It merely confusion around the of your claim which led to level of communication below usual the call handlers have been hauled in in the necessary to ensure your plight is not repeated. Within hours of my contacting the press office you were told that your claim would be settled in full with the excess waived as a goodwill finally been sent the complaints procedure with the assurance that the global travel complaints manager will handle your case personally. So it would be a happy save for the sneaky feeling that if run scared of a your laments would still echo through you need help email at or write to Your The Kings 90 Include an address and phone number. problems with 
Trump on warned darkly of the danger posed by migrants in a deeply segregated city that has the largest community in the new emails show no criminal wrongdoing Read in seen the problems caused with faulty refugee with very large numbers of refugees coming into your state without your without your support or the Republican nominee told a rally in the solidly Democratic two days before the presidential then of them joining and spreading their extremist views all over our country and all over the reading about the disaster taking place in he before even have the right to talk about has made warnings about refugees a staple of his stump though he has most commonly targeted fleeing the civil war that has devastated their country. Unauthorized immigration in the US About 11.3 million people live in the US without legal down from a peak of about 12.2 million in 2007. Net unauthorized immigration has been roughly even since 2010. According to 2012 there are about 8 million unauthorized migrants either working or looking for or of the labor force. Since more have been leaving the US than likely due to a slow economic recovery since the recession and stricter border has deported more than 2.5 million more than any other president. His executive orders protect at least 1.2 million people from two US citizens and one a lawful pleaded guilty in to trying to join the terror group or Law enforcement officials have said that more than 30 young men from have left the county to join or which operates in east According to the 2010 more than 85,000 lived in the US with the largest concentration living in the Twin Cities. Despite integration campaigns by the community a former refugee is poised to win office as a state for instance the area remains one of the most racially segregated in the US. The Republican nominee has said he would bar refugees from settling in places without the approval of local governments. A federal court ruled against running governor Mike in when he tried to block refugees from settling in his state. In that judge said actions were and equivalent of his saying that he does that he wants to forbid black people to settle in not because black but because afraid of and since race is therefore not his motive he on Trump said blocking refugees would be least can do for suffered enough in he we will pause admissions from regions until a full security assessment has been performed and until a proven vetting mechanism has been Twitter just wanted to show a protester relives Trump attack at US has some of the strictest vetting procedures in the requiring multiple stages of interviews with security background and health and the process can last two years. Trump has not specified which countries he would bar migration nor many details of what he calls retains edge over Trump in election's final sprint Read argued that these methods would prevent terror attacks in the citing recent terrorist attack in St In that in a man stabbed eight people in a before being fatally shot by a police officer. The next leaders of the community condemned the attack and the said it was investigating it as a act of It released few horrible what doing and if you want people to pour in all you have to do is vote for Trump said on have become a target for domestic terrorists. In three members of a militia group were arrested for allegedly plotting to bomb an apartment building in Garden with a number of residents and where one apartment was used as a mosque. The three men arrested could face life in to the complaint filed against the the men called themselves and and said that they wanted to people with article was amended on 7 2016 to clarify that Garden was the location of the apartment building that was the target of an alleged bomb not the location of the three members of a militia group arrested over the elections 
The writing team behind created one of shows and managed to squeeze in about drug baby urine and a teenager called Glover and along with Glover and wrote and they discussed some of the inspirations behind the show and where its most talked about moments came episode confused Twitter as D I remember when we turned in the script to and they emailed back and actually going to be in We just started laughing so hard. we were fighting about so many we had a director and we were doing everything different in terms of successful. They could tell that we cared and started to trust us a bit star if Trump gets elected going to be Mad Read This never happens. Five writers all all first time. this show could have been awful. said one if someone gives you a car going to check on it once in a while. not just going to give you the keys and good puts out shows fail and worried. Once we shot the pilot and they saw the pilot people started getting really excited for it. Once everyone understood that it was going to be it was creating Twitter as Van. We went out of our way to make sure every single character was but that episode was important because it was representative of black women and their experience in Everybody had conversations about what was the value of a black woman in the United a really good example of presenting both sides of the story in the right We like to leave things open to interpretation. The Van character represents a black woman and we see her in situations and see her react to get a sense what the life of a black woman is Not in the context of a man as well. You often see that in television. It was important to see her do things by writing as if they were going to be after one season Twitter Q as Glover as Earnest as Van. Guy We always had this thing where we said we were going to get first season because our shit is going to be too outrageous. And then maybe later on everyone will go back and be this show was actually like a cult classic. Like Family at first it came out and then got but it came back and still running was almost called White Twitter Henry as Paper He was actually going to be called White initially. We were playing around with different rap names and we there a White who just raps about all anyone raps about so why anyone done Then we found out there actually is a White writing black characters living normal lives Twitter all live life knock on never been You are conditioned to see black people to get shot or hooked on something. really fun to write a show where you get to see black people living life every day. We all live life every knock on never been People feel like they understand black existence a lot more than they actually The media has portrayed black people in a certain way and if you think about a black person its immediately scary or one stereotype. But all different. We used to joke about a white person having a black friend and immediately think every black person is like that one friend. People feel like they understand black existence a lot more than they actually the episode and tackling culture Twitter Have you ever seen the Dame Dash and Bill a trope in an issue with black so get a random black person who is not really qualified to speak on this subject against someone on the other side of that who is super qualified and super into and have them You end up seeing that this person is a but actually smart. this person is actually good with represents that person who is super and book someone on to talk about studies and some white lady from This is the most qualified person to talk about People have real even on the which is supposed to be a place where able to say whatever you want not allowed. If somebody is like like then immediately get out of we even want to talk about Glover's show is the smartest and funniest on Read definitely not interested in being Sesame Street. A lot of people get pushed into is the correct What do we need to say about this to me or the has become so elementary People are complex too. In or the south there could be a super homosexual man who is also super religious in a Baptist and black too. living multiple complex those commercials Twitter In you just see Dodge Chargers and driven by the dope boys. Everyone knows it and like a part of We know if the companies would let us do the commercials or if get into trouble for it. thought about it and technically we but nobody does it. We ended up pitching it to and they wanted to do The show is about subtlety and things people understand about black culture. You see black commercials on black channels and black but some people who never see a certain haircare commercial and are just subtle differences. Some of the commercials we did are essentially just We were thinking how weird it must seem for some people to see a commercial with only black people in it. I think we were coming at it from an angle that this is going to look weird and going to look off to a larger And people going to understand why it feels weird. shot like regular but like something is different but you tell and literally that all black 
Trump vs. the news media. J. transition update is grabbing attention for how it was delivered on an video laying out his goals for creating jobs. The video underscores how Trump may try to navigate around traditional news outlets. Trump also met privately with executives and anchors at the major networks and was said to have called their campaign coverage dishonest. who has not held a news conference since winning the will meet with representatives of The Times today after saying this morning that he would not attend. Threat to investigate is dropped. Trump does not intend to pursue inquiries into use of a private email server or the financial operations at the which he vowed to do during the second presidential debate. A senior adviser said the president elect wanted to beyond the issues of the business dealings. During a recent Trump encouraged a politician to oppose the kind of offshore wind farms that he believes will mar the view from one of his golf according to a media consultant who was present. we look at how an obscure provision of the Constitution poses risks for Trump if he continues to reap benefits from dealings with companies controlled by foreign governments. Deadly school bus crash in The driver was charged with vehicular homicide after at least five children were killed when the bus overturned and hit a tree in Nearly three dozen elementary school students were on board. Displaced in The military campaign to oust the State from is in its sixth week. Our photographer and reporter covering the battle focus on an intensifying humanitarian the thousands of residents trying to flee. Stories of anguish like one from a man searching for his parents are common. have not heard from he told our reporter. am always North pipeline protest. In our latest 360 a lifelong resident of the Standing Rock Reservation talks about his relationship to the land and the and his fear for their future. Law enforcement officials defended their recent use of fire hoses against despite temperatures below freezing. Rewriting history. The fallout from revelations of doping program is altering the record books for the 2008 and 2012 Summer in and The retesting of stored urine samples has incriminated at least 40 medal winners. Earlier we dissected the making of a fake news story. we look at a pizzeria that is reeling from menacing calls and abuse after fake stories claimed it was a site. the owner says of the threats. Worried about hacking or or Here are seven steps to protect your digital life. Sabra is recalling some varieties of hummus with a date of or over concerns. Life at call centers in and the is the subject of a new which opens a window to the world on the other end of the line. much do they How important is this job for Does it help their families or I wanted to have answers to he writes. stocks were up on a snapshot of global markets. to hand out prestigious award. and Bill and Gates will be among the 21 receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom today. It is the highest civilian honor. West hospitalized. Exhaustion has landed the rapper in the and he has canceled the remainder of his his representative said. in on West delivered a meandering speech on politics and the music industry. In memoriam. an has died at 88. He focused his darkly funny short stories and novels on sadness of Here are excerpts from some of his works. may have one of the best jobs in the world. Ms. searches old cookbooks to recreate forgotten dishes as a way of studying the effects of earlier cooking on modern eating. One of her most notable endeavors was drinking like a man in colonial following accounts that had her slugging hard cider and a hot toddy before noon. Recipe of the day. Bake a with spicy broccoli and cheese. the family road trip. Every country with cars knows the and this week the United States will see some of its busiest traveling days of the year with the Thanksgiving holiday. predicts that 43.5 million will be on the roads. What to do as going over the river and through the woods to While and screens have made it easier to pass the time while on the the games of yesteryear can offer a twinge of nostalgia for adults and a option to entertain the kids. Whether spotting roadside novelties as in I Spy or Bingo or vehicles from different states as in the license plate game most games are variations on a scavenger hunt. which depends on spotting a dwindling supply of old could just be an exercise in In car snooker adapts the rules of the variant of billiards on which requiring players to spot vehicles of different colors. Earlier this The Times also collected favorite travel games from readers is titled What I Perhaps in the aftermath of a contentious getting to dinner might be more fun than the destination itself.
held back tears on as she asked her supporters not to lose heart after a crushing election loss and to continue working for a better country. will admit coming here tonight the easiest thing for said at a gala for the Defense where she worked as a young law student. have been a few times this past week when all I wanted to do is just to curl up with a good or our and never leave the house In her first public remarks since conceding to J. Trump last told the crowd she was struggling to recover from an unexpected defeat that she said had left nonwhite children and vulnerable people across the nation afraid. believe the measure of any society is how we treat our and as we move forward into a new and in many ways uncertain that must be the test for and said in a speech. child should be afraid to go to school because or or or because they have a Introduced by Wright the president and as and the first woman to win the popular who had accepted the invitation before the said she had had to overcome deep sorrow to keep the commitment. But she came bearing a message of resolve. know many of you are deeply disappointed about the results of the election. I too more than I can ever she said. know this easy. I know that over the past a lot of people have asked themselves whether was the country we thought it She implored her to in our fight for our values and never give has stayed out of the public eye since the day after the but in a private call with donors over the she cast blame for her loss on the announcement by B. the that he was reviving the inquiry into her use of a private email server as secretary of state. She said that by thrusting the email controversy back into the news 11 days before Election had halted her momentum in the crucial closing days of the race and prevented her from ending her campaign with an optimistic argument to voters. A second letter from clearing her two days before the compounded the harm to her told the feeding into a narrative that the contest was and causing wavering including white suburban to abandon her. On there was no talk of opportunities missed or messages muddled. was regretful and the slightest bit defiant. She said she wished she could go back in time and tell her abandoned at a young not to despair. at me and said she would have told her her voice thick with emotion. will survive. You will have a family of your three and as hard as it might be to your daughter will grow up to be a United States represent our country as secretary of state and win more than 62 million in her campaign for the presidency. stunned and dejected over last electoral are struggling to rebuild their supporters and determine what lessons to draw from their defeat. President told supporters in a call on afternoon that he expected to be a part of that debate starting in when he leaves office. But it is not clear what if plans to play. The event on a the gala honoring children who have found was in some sense a capstone to life in national politics. The same event in 1992 was the first public appearance she and her Bill made after he won the presidency.
Democratic party outrage at the shock almost on the eve of the US presidential that it is resuming its controversial investigation of after declaring in that the matter was has been chairwoman of the Democratic national was one of many to cry foul. has a solemn obligation to remain neutral in political matters. Even the faintest appearance of using the power to influence our election is deeply she the campaign also hinted at is extraordinary that we would see something like this just 11 days out from a presidential said the statement left it unclear whether there was anything remotely new to may well be true. In his letter of notification to the said he did not know whether a batch of newly discovered emails bore any relation to previous claims that acted illegally in sending private emails containing classified information when she was secretary of state from said the new emails to be but he and his officials had not yet examined them. In a later he admitted know the of the but said he felt obliged to investigate and make his decision public. It is not even certain that the emails came from private move is either extremely naive or extremely cynical. investigations are routinely conducted behind closed doors. Only when a decision to prosecute has been based on persuasive is an inquiry made public or suspects a ostensibly independent figure like the director to tip his hand at this extraordinarily sensitive moment amounts to an overtly partisan act. Since it must be assumed that is no it must also be assumed that he knew what he was less damning explanation is that he was clumsily attempting to save the further criticism from the Republican which denounced his earlier investigatory efforts as a But if that is the why did not have a confidential word with the relevant congressional oversight Nobody could then subsequently accuse him of a And he would not have triggered the firestorm in which the impartiality is again being and this time from the the damage is done. must now try to weather the storm until 8 having previously believed that she was in the clear. It will be a rough ride. The ugliest and most personally vindictive presidential campaign in modern history is now set for a furious and Trump and his supporters have been quick to wade in. Speaking on the campaign the Republican nominee revived jibes that is a corrupt and habitual liar. In typically hyperbolic he said that her conduct was biggest scandal since risible exaggeration undermines his case. But the genuine anger and alarm expressed by surrogates reflect their fear his attacks may be hitting home and their knowledge of how damaging renewed questions about her honesty and competence could potentially in Trump she faces the least qualified for a host of most objectionable Republican candidate in living is still only about ahead in the as a national bald figure may be considered misleading. In 14 battleground or where the electoral college will be is ahead in all but and But polls across the nation are tightening. This latest flurry of negative headlines in national media desperate for a sensational story to keep the race alive in some to dish will not her advantages in name political achievement and spending has evidently failed to knock Trump out of the a deeply damaging few weeks for when he was beset by allegations of sexual he still to be in with a more skilled and savvy politician than could and would have buried Trump months ago. A more popular or Democratic could now be awaiting electoral coronation. This latest blow may cause some underwhelmed Democrats to abstain. And best pitch to independent and undecided voters that she is the least worst candidate leaves her vulnerable to a elections 
This guru notes we had a of songs about farming in but now we want to hear your songs that are about produce we also had meat in 2009 so think plant or otherwise have until on 14 to post your nomination and make your justification. Regular contributor who has also set the will select from your recommendations and produce a to be published on 17 is a list of all songs previously picked and therefore ineligible for the you want to volunteer to compile a from suggestions and potentially about the for the Guardian please email with the subject line or make yourself known in the a reminder of the guidelines for us why a worthy lyrics if but for copyright reasons no more than a third of a words. If sharing make sure there is appropriate copyright to others suggestions and add yours to a collaborative you have a good or if like to volunteer to compile a from please email a wealth of data on including the songs that are at the It also tells you the meaning of for a previous so and other strange words used by regulars also congregate at the 
The case brought against by a group of its drivers has exposed the dark side of the gig economy. For many workers this is a rigged where bosses can weasel out of paying the minimum wage or providing basics such as holiday pay and rest loses right to classify drivers as Read change should be a force for good. But increasingly employers are using it to duck their responsibilities. If you are a driver at you can become a virtual a slave to the Miss a job alert and you can be without appeal. Fail to keep up your rating and you can be cast aside at any kept on a leash is not my definition of Genuinely contractors can refuse set their own hours and subcontract work to others. That freedom to work when and how you want is why some people choose to give up the security that comes with a regular job. The security of knowing that if you fall or just want to take a you have to your if you work at firms like or you enjoy none of those and none of that security either. It is small surprise that many feel powerless and unable to speak rosters are increasingly devised by computer and announced to workers with little or no notice. For working in the gig economy the only contact they have with their employer is through an on their phone. This new model of working has led to a more workforce. One where regularly meet or share facilities. If you work for the likes of you are very much a lone agent competing against others for has created a severe imbalance of power. It makes collective bargaining for fair pay and decent conditions far harder and gives companies more scope to reward executives and while keeping pay down for their workers. Unions are not We that the world of work is changing. But advances in technology should be used to make work not to return to the type of working practices we thought seen the back of decades and which trade unions were formed to fight against. Twitter next on the list for what needs to working has rightly shot up the political thanks in large part to the work of unions. and Unite deserve huge credit for shining a light on working conditions at companies such as and Sports Direct. The government announced this month a new independent review into employment regulations for the new led by the want this to be a barred investigation into employment practices at the sharp of the end of the market. one that the important role unions can play in dealing with the problem of insecure has long called for the introduction of modern wage councils. work in specific like private to set minimum pay and conditions. This would help stop some of the worst exploitation and increase transparency. We also want rules on including the definition of to be tightened up. This is far too much of a which has allowed unscrupulous bosses to cut working people should benefit from the same basic rights at including paid and protection from unfair dismissal. The law should presume that an individual is an unless the employer can demonstrate they are genuinely and running a business of their just affect workers. It hurts the public purse as it allows companies to avoid paying national insurance contributions for their workforce. That can be worth need to think more broadly about how technology can empower workers rather than enslave them. Cast your minds back to the and people speculated that new technology would create in its wake a more leisured society. The reality has been anything but. not just drivers who are affected by this. Try telling the Amazon worker monitored every minute by or the young professional checking their emails at that they have been liberated. got to get the pendulum swinging the other of that thinking must include how trade unions can take advantage of new technologies to workers. So that even those on the margins can have a collective voice. Whether drivers or freelancers in the already seeing what this might look like. Digital has huge potential for workers just as it does for we are in the midst of a technological revolution every bit as as the industrial revolution is not in doubt. The life chances and livelihoods of millions of workers are in a state of flux. Our role to try to stop this to make sure that technology is used to make working lives and to make sure the gains from new technology are fairly shared. The battle around is far from and unions will be staying with it for workers today and for the rest of us 
PEP AND THE a development so disgusting that it has caused Repressed Morris Dancing Fiver to spend most of the day recreating the vomit scene from Team Pep has delivered a major snub by refusing its overtures to stand on the touchline dressed as a giant poppy during Big Cup tie between City and He just get being foreign. Repressed Morris Dancing Fiver was going to rename him Pep the Poppy and it was going to be a feast for the but stopped answering his phone after the first 37 calls. In he may well have changed his number. The police knocked on Repressed Morris Dancing front door this produced a restraining order and a court date is set for next week. It been a good day. People are being ambivalent towards needs perfection to beat and Read this chap who really takes the coming over managing one of our teams. it was a bloody good job he suffered the shame of becoming the first ever manager to lose 4-0 to two weeks ago. It took him down a peg or got him what he deserved for trying to make his team play the way he wanted them to showed him what can happen when you try to be too with your If has any clue be back to basics. None of your passing Caballero. Look where it got the way forward is a flinging in crosses from the position out on the asked to perform the partnered by up front. Repressed Morris Dancing Fiver would shout if it was allowed anywhere near the technical area at the Stadium. WE NOT KNOCK But probably even give that a try. probably have City passing it around at the summing up the rank foolishness of a man who clearly nothing from watching Tony West at close hand on ON BIG from for hot coverage of City 1-2 while will be in the house for 1-1 and Hill on 3-1 The OF THE I was dumb but not so stupid that I would go and crap on the field. I find it very annoying that I have been associated with something bad like an unnamed Go Ahead Eagles fan denies defecating in the circle after their 3-1 defeat to Fiver has reminded me of the fact that I was allegedly banned for life from due to a bit of teenage tomfoolery. Apparently you are not allowed to exit your boat on the Pirates of ride in order to frolic with the pirates. As this happened 35 years wondered how they will me if I turned up today. Do they keep a age portrait of me in their ticket not sure why I am sharing this story with The as has nothing to do with West though these days both do seem to be Mickey Mouse response to missive about the curse of the Arsenal shirt can I put forward the shirt as competition in this Since Jimmy left in just as the cash the rogues gallery of includes and who all lasted just one season in the shirt. Of course hogged the curse for four years and took it more far seriously than all the others. Quite wisely have left it vacant this help but be a little suspicious of admission that he spends his evenings in a dark room Bits and Why would he expose himself to the inevitable Is it possible deliberately tossing out in the hope of writing a whimsical Fiver letter about himself under an assumed name and winning a copy of Football Just a new deal Mattress and Pillow Partner of the As a United I welcome this particular commercial partner with open arms. Perhaps viewers of their next performance like the last one at can get a complimentary set for when they are inevitably bored into sleep by our lack of anything resembling exciting football. Our could have also used one set each for first goal at like to agree with on Lord there My dad was a journalist over in here who interviewed him five or six years ago. He soon after fell ill and died tragically from motor neurone and stays in touch with the family to this day. Supposedly a class act. Made me feel a bit silly for detesting him over stupid football for all those Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager Towers. not out till 4 so you the lucky got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters AC and co for the latest thrilling of Football Weekly. And Producer tells us there are still some tickets available for the Palladium live show on 15 THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring AND has been booted out of the after winning just seven of his 14 games in charge of Inter. would like to place on record thanks to Frank and his coaching team for their work over the past seethed a club is in trouble with the FA again for uttering naughty words at a match official during the goalless draw with forward Harry should have recovered from his in time for north the top scorer in World Cup has joined coaching staff as a trainee having announced his retirement from playing. His first lesson from scratch and and games in South have been stripped of the World Cup qualifying points they gained from a 2-0 win over and 0-0 draw with for fielding Nelson who awkwardly already played for in Stoke boss from Home and Away is feeling a tad funky despite their 3-1 win over the nosediving City. Mainly at his fifth of the season. was a fair tackle. I think the guys have spoken to Oliver and I think he acknowledges that maybe made a he fumed. something that needs to be looked at red cards can be why STILL WANT to think DB could have been having a heart to heart with instead of Hunter explains why a phone call from the manager has helped the striker to his best start of the Squires on Partridge moment. Twitter Back of the net. Squires for the puts on his tin hat and argues it is time for to be knows only the very best from City will beat and writes The fresh from teaching a reckons his turn will come against contrite board game players Remember Us neither. He score at Rovers but now miss for in the and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND 
Trump and blitzed five battleground states between them on with four days remaining until voters will choose their next began the day with a rally in a state where she holds a consistent lead over while the Republican nominee made a push in New Trump has surged in recent days in the Granite where he scored his first victory of the Republican primary contest earlier this lead in New has collapsed in recent days. She was shown trailing Trump or tied with him in four new public polls taken in the wake of the letter from the informing Congress that it was possible new emails had been discovered related to the investigation into use of a private email anger and US voters deprived of a serious presidential election Read news has helped ensure that a number of Republicans and libertarians previously skeptical about Trump have now rallied around the nominee. Former New governor John predicted before Trump appeared there on that the margin for the winning candidate could come down to 5,000 campaign announced that she would hold a rally in on in a sign of the renewed competitiveness in the final stretch. will campaign in the state on behalf the day before the election. Although New only provides four electoral a win there would greatly aid Trump as he navigates a narrow path to victory. New needs to win and North to keep close to in the electoral college. he either needs to win or a political grab bag that includes New as well as and the one electoral vote of second congressional faced another bad news cycle on after two close aides of Governor of New a vocal Trump were convicted in the trial over the closure of several access lanes to the Bridge in 2013 for political reasons. is leading transition team and is scheduled to campaign for the Republican nominee on embarked on a packed itinerary on with plans to hit three key states in one day. The Democratic nominee held a rally in where thousands formed a line that snaked around the stadium of the the football was introduced there by Mark the influential businessman and investor who hails from and has been a prominent backer of has repeatedly taunted Trump while stumping for and continued to take shots at the Republican nominee in his remarks on cannot be president of the United States if you know when to shut said. Twitter was introduced by Mark the influential businessman and investor who hails from Gene J then led a call and response with the posing questions of Trump that ranged from his trustworthiness to his you think he cares more about you or his bank they shouted taking the stage to a raucous sought to contrast her economic agenda with that of Trump. Casting him as someone who neither possessed the leadership to steer the economy nor empathy for the working highlighted refusal to release his tax returns as revealing of his I know how he lives with she said. he see the millions of women and families also struck familiar themes about her opponent stiffing his own workers while touting her plans to introduce 12 weeks of paid family and medical enact equal pay for raise the minimum wage and expand access to affordable childcare. closing argument was not simply leaning heavily on volatile persona and what that would mean for the country under his about what it would mean to entrust the nuclear codes to someone with a very thin who lashes out at anyone who challenges prompting audience members to break into shouts of how easily it could be that Trump would feel insulted and start a real not just a Twitter at 3 in the she was scheduled to move on to and the latter of which was billed as a get out the vote concert with rapper Jay Z. Aides aboard press plane played down rumors that would join her husband at the saying only there would be special guests. Jay Z maybe spearhead final musical push Read was accompanied on by a heavier staff with at least eight top aides spotted boarding her plane. Before takeoff from her home of New where typically stays she chatted toward the front of the plane with digital director Teddy and policy director was also on as were campaign chairman John and who served as the chief of protocol when led the state campaign underscored the importance of early voting returns in a conference call with reporters on afternoon. They pointed in particular to turnout among voters in the state of stating it had risen from 2012. campaign also noted a increase in voters overall. Turnout among minorities disproportionately benefits as such demographics have increasingly been marginalized by Republicans in recent election said the country was track right now to have the biggest turnout in she urged her supporters not to take anything for those who knew someone considering voting for she stage an his stop in New Trump was due to hit and later on both candidates will head south to the ultimate swing state that Trump at least must win if he wants the keys to the White House. Trump will hit North and while will head back to for another concert this time with in elections 
The supporters of an democratic funded mainly by are facing some big questions about how their vision will unfold. A freely accessible digital where websites and social networks are open to is the dream of many. But critics wonder if this is desirable or even have shifted a huge proportion of their marketing budgets into advertising in recent the growth of the and becoming the main source of funding for most websites and social networks. But while many campaigns hit the others can be intrusive and can advertisers and web publishers make sure ad campaigns are effective and entertaining enough to pay the while ensuring services disappear behind a series of privately accessed discuss the future of the Guardian teamed up with advertising technology provider to run a discussion. The discussion was conducted under the House where comments were made on condition that they were not attributed to the to encourage a key point of contention in the discussion was how the should be funded. One participant was passionate about the it should be free. It is a wonderful tool for accessing for consuming information and for the distribution of But another thought that the quality of content on the inevitably suffers you have the resources to fund There are fears that ad revenue is insufficient to pay for all the content that is needed for the web. the model puts a downward pressure on the quality of content. I have no problem with the speaker is no reason why it should be advertising faces some serious challenges if it is to keep the web free one of which is concerns over the ethics of tracking without their consent. The success of ad campaigns is determined by the data that brands can access about users. How old are What are their Are they male or single or with Much of this data will be collected from cookies downloaded on to computers. Cookie data allows web publishers to track journeys and observe the actions they take on different websites. They can then use this data to helps them target campaigns to different impact of data protection the forthcoming Union General Data Protection Regulation to be implemented in will tighten up data privacy and some speakers could undermine the model of the The stringent new which force companies to get from users to make use of their are expected to be adopted in the regardless of participants worried that the clampdown on using data could make it difficult for certain companies to operate on the or to run advertising campaigns. businesses may not warned one participants also discussed whether website owners relying mainly on cookie data are at a disadvantage to websites and social networks where users log in and give their personal details. for has login information about users their activities and friendship networks. The social network offers this data to facilitating highly targeted advertising participant spoke of an ad campaign for the launch of a new product where a strong creative film was shown on Depending on how users reacted to the film whether they watched it the whole way or just with the sound off more messages were served to them and these were refined in stages according to each reaction. The speaker said this was highly as it allowed the campaign to filter out those who were not interested and to deliver relevant messages to potential speaker said allows brands to constantly change their advertising as they receive new data about likes and really feel it is only since has come along that we have had this opportunity to assess data very quickly and then tweak that another pointed to a recent statement from household products manufacturer Gamble the largest that it had decided to stop using targeting had assumed it would be efficient to target to families with kids and dog but it proved more efficient to go broad in the said it was better to promote some products to everybody rather than paying for targeted as everyone uses laundry detergents or liquid. Tightly targeted campaigns are more suitable for very niche of the speakers were concerned that advertising places too much emphasis on data and not enough on creativity and persuasion. The use of data was as tail wagging the and there was a recognition that some advertising believe data gets in the way of making good campaigns. feel the use of data said one who added the caveat that attitudes are changing. think people have got used to the fact it is not a case of either having data or creative it is about using both was a consensus that cookie and login data works best for encouraging people to buy rather than for persuasive brand a speakers accepted that campaigns whereby a user who has visited a perhaps to look at some then has ads for that website follow them around the for weeks or even months after are unpopular with users. is so frustrating as an advertiser that I am spending on said one speaker. am very well aware that those advertising platforms good enough and that we are overly problem of was seen as a failing of automated advertising called where software dictates what ads people see based on the data. But some thought that as programmatic technology evolves to become more it will overcome these drawbacks and will deliver a better experience for users and brands. Twitter gets her point across at the Guardian supported by Nexus. problem with automated advertising is that the ads may appear on any website and next to inappropriate for instance an ad for an airline could be placed next to an article about an air crash. But one speaker predicted that automated advertising will be able to answer this problem and help brands sift through data to find the most receptive audiences for their messages and identify the most appropriate places to run the is very helpful for understanding who those people could what their looks like and how you could go about finding Another compared the situation of programmatic advertising to email. is one of the channels. But it was tainted for a time because it was discussion turned to the use of machine where software analyses data to make about what ads and content people should be offered. One speaker said machine learning and robotics would marketing. seen in programmatic advertising is one of the earliest areas where it has made but I think it will be right across the another warned that widespread use of robotics and technology would lead to a are just turning into a kind of jelly between lots of discussion returned to the question of whether advertising will continue as the main source of funding for the web. One speaker thought younger users would be reluctant to ever pay for content. But another cannot assume that people between the ages of 12 and 21 are going to behave and operate like that for the rest of their lives. We all go through generational the Assistant Media the Head of data planning and Channel Managing Chester Director of data and industry Chief creative international Gilbert strategic Commercial Head of Chief data Spears Programmatic the Love Professor of cognitive and decision Geometry West Deputy managing group director of advanced Sky Media Tech 
performed very well there was it his best performance against but still fell short against the best player. was positive throughout and kept his head even when the serves were flying at him. The world moves on to next World Tour Finals in where he will aim to finish off his remarkable season in style and be crowned the end of year best player. Thanks for reading. Until next time beats John in final to celebrate status Read more 6-4 fans. jinxed it. The hits his first double fault for 0-30 but battles back to 30-30 the point came from another ace before allowing one match point. first serve is out challenges but the call and seals the title by forcing to volley into the net. his eighth title of the year and 19th win in a row. The world amazing year keeps getting better. celebrates after winning. Images 5-4 holds once more. This is becoming a bit of a grind. Neither look penetrable. 4-4 holds again with one minor difference wins a point. 4-3 For all of good work on he is no longer worrying against it. The wins another game to love. going to be here for a long folks. 3-3 does well to return a couple of big serves but still holds. 3-2 holds without too much trouble. It seems a good time to remind ourselves that likes to slug deciding sets out. 2-2 is wincing a so maybe that pain is a tad more significant than initially imagined. He gives a break point but then regroups to strike with a pair of aces and then holds. Very good from the 1-2 holds to love and as they go for a drinks the calls for the trainer a banana. He gets a massage to his upper right shin but should be fine. 1-1 This is too tight to call. looks good early in this game but claws him back and has a break point after an inexplicably poor volley from the This is first break point since the sixth game of the first set and he cannot take it. comes to the net to send his returned serve to left and pushes on from deuce to email from although he has the Grand Tour Final to come on looks very and so he should be with all the tennis he has played this definitely catching up with much as is playing is mentally and physically struggling. I think we will see the best of again until the Open end of when he will have had the benefit of a good no one deserves it Hopefully still win this final 1-0 changes his top before the third and deciding set begins now wearing a red shirt and battles well at the beginning. settles and fight back to hold. 4-7 challenges but has drawn level thanks to a storming forehand that comes off the right sideline. We are going to a third. takes the second set. Images 4-6 A ace gives three set points but saves the first by coming to the net. 3-5 hits a sweet serve that sends to the net but the big man applies the same trick. 2-4 hits his 100th ace of the tournament for 3-2 and consolidates an advantage on the next point. 2-2 then lands his first serve to make it 2-1 before he a return backhand. 1-1 wins the first point on his serve but draws level by forcing into a 6-6 A tie break it is. did hit a smashing forehand to make it 30-15 but plants a couple of big serves to draw level in the set again. plays a forehand. Images In response needs little more than a minute to hold to love. will serve to stay in the set. 5-5 service has resumed. holds to love once with forcing a rally on the opening point but failing to do much else after. 4-5 has not dropped his head after that previous game and knuckles down to hold his serve. you is headed for a 4-4 There have not been too many long rallies points with nine or more shots to be but the first point here is great getting on the run before finishing it off with a drop shot. Then makes a rare unforced finding the net with a forehand for 0-30 before an winner earns him three break points. He should really take the first but a backhand after came to the net. The second is also saved with an overhead shot after coming to the net again. then forces an error for deuce. claims another break but clambers back to deuce again. shows signs of fatigue having had several chances to he ends up letting the game sleep. 3-4 At 30-15 a return is called out challenges but the call but apart from that the player on serve dominates again. 3-3 With serving this is unable to get a look. This latest game is to love and the points are not particularly testing. 2-3 begins with a serve of and then follows up with some good play at the net that will help after his earlier problems there. Yet responds with a remarkable forehand to make it before the responds himself. He has been good on serve apart from that first set break but he needs to now do something against it. 2-2 who has hardly broken a holds again without much in the way of return fire. 1-2 misses another shocker when coming to the net at volleying into the but he still polishes off another service game with a powerful serve that has plenty of topspin. 1-1 Splendid serving from who holds to love. He looks comfortable especially on his own serve. 0-1 wins the first two points but then slows down and allows back in to the opening game of this second set. No the big server displays his power to close it email from on becoming Afternoon I ran out of superlatives for years ago. The No. 1 ranking is just the cherry on top of a very well decorated and just reward for the years of dedication and hard work that he has put into his game. already a truly great and were he never to win another match he would remain one of and the best ever sportsmen. as seems entirely he was double his Grand Slam tally over the next three adding the and maybe another or US he would join the true legends of the game. go is temporarily frustrated when battles to 30-30. But he then aces and thinking wide. The challenge is unsuccessful and needs just the one set point because is unable to return a serve towards the backhand. takes the first set. Images 5-3 will have to serve for the set though after holds to finishing up with a magnificent ace. 5-2 confirms the break by holding but it is far from easy because earns two break points with a sublime forehand return that is too powerful for backhand. comes to the net to save the first and wastes the second by finding the net. gets to advantage but is clawed back by a tasty winner from Back on the digs in and closes in on the opening set. 4-2 But an excellent game from who battles back from 30-15 to break thanks to a couple of excellent returns on serve and a bit of exceptional net play that leaves the US flummoxed. missed another volley at 30-15 and that gave the initiative to step up a level and earn an advantage in this opening set. 3-2 should have a first break point but he finds the net with on the run at 30-30. On gets to advantage with a driven forehand that is unable to return. The then holds. Who will be the first to 2-2 will not be rolled over as easily as in last week. comes to the net and produces a lovely drop shot that evades for 30-0 although pulls a point big man holds without any bother. 2-1 comes to the net for the first time at 30-0 and then closes the game out to love by forcing an error out of his opponent. eight points in a row on serve for the how can he respond against 1-1 The first service game is pretty standard piling down a couple of aces. 1-0 A slightly odd start as world begins with a double but he then follows up with an ace and holds without much bother. will serve first. Remember when US players were the standard This will be fifth year as his best player big serve he is not the most testing. He is too tall to be move as freely as the best. the players are out on court and are warming up. not too far away. The story behind rise to the top becomes world tennis for the first time video report all bow at the feet of the new world What a year 2016 has been for the and he will look to add another title here before next season the Grand Tour Finals at Enough has been written over the past 24 hours about and where he ranks in the pantheon link so focus on game for has a record against John and leads 18-3 on sets. The who will finish as his best player has been playing well but is still unlikely to cause too many problems on current form. In less than a fortnight ago won 6-1 6-3 en route to the title and he also advanced in straight sets at the Open earlier in the year. This would be first Masters 1000 has already won 13. However this particular gong has evaded losing to the now former in last is set to begin a little after local or is the 26th in tennis but how does he Read more
A growing number of academics and activists are calling for US authorities to fully audit or recount the 2016 presidential election vote in key battleground in case the results could have been skewed by foreign loose which is urging campaign to join its is preparing to deliver a report detailing its concerns to congressional committee chairs and federal authorities early next according to two people new special what does want from Read which is currently 18 pages focuses on concerns about the results in the states of and interested in verifying the said an adviser to the US election assistance commission and expert on electronic voting. need to have ballot is understood to have contributed analysis to the effort but declined to the precise nature of her second group of led by the National Voting Rights Institute founder John and Professor the director of the University of center for computer security and is also taking part in the push for a and has been in contact with a early on said paper ballots and voting equipment should be examined in and warning that deadlines were rapidly approaching. nobody is ever going to examine that evidence unless candidates in those states act in the next several to petition for he said. The developments follow surprise defeat to Trump in the 8 and come after US intelligence authorities released public assessments that hackers were behind intrusions into regional electoral computer systems and the theft of emails from Democratic officials before the election. Twitter Voters at the community in Trump has racked up reportedly disproportionate votes in counties using electronic voting. consistently led Trump in public opinion polls for months preceding election day in all three narrowly lost and and may yet lose where a final result has still not been about has on apparently disproportionate wins that were racked up by Trump in counties using electronic voting compared with those that used only paper ballots. The apparent disparities were first widely earlier this month by a journalist for the the polling expert and founder of cast significant doubt over this theory on stating that the difference disappeared after race and education which most closely tracked voting shifts were controlled and several other election analysts have dismissed suggestions that the swing state vote counts give cause for concern about the integrity of the dozens of professors in and elections have in the past two days signed an open letter to congressional leaders stating that they are by previous reports of foreign and requesting swift action by country needs a public congressional investigation into the role that foreign powers played in the months leading up to the academics said in their while noting they did not mean to the of the election the University of computer security noted that this is the deadline for requesting a recount in where winning margin stands at In where his margin is the deadline falls on In where the Trump lead is currently just the deadline is 30 Twitter Why elected congressmen including Senator Graham of South and Representative of have already called for deeper inquiries into the full extent of interference with the election experts and academics have been in communication with Democratic operatives and people who worked on bid for the White who are being urged to officially request recounts in states where a candidate may do magazine reported that a conference call has taken place between the activists and John campaign and the acting Democratic National Committee have privately mused about the integrity of the election according to two sources familiar with the senior Democrats are said to be intensely reluctant to suggest there were irregularities in the result because and her team Trump so sharply during the campaign for claiming that the election would be against others have spoken including the sister of closest aide. shift of just 55,000 Trump votes to in MI is all that is needed to said on urging people to call the justice department to request an a former consultant who during the campaign investigated links between and manager is also participating in the attempt to secure recounts or person who received the most votes free from interference or tampering needs to be in the White said may well be but further due diligence is required to ensure that democracy is not and why did millions of US voters sit out the Read to people activists had previously urged the Green party presidential to use rules in some states allowing any candidate on the ballot to request a review of the result. Stein is understood to have citing in part a lack of party funds that would be required to finance such a a joint statement issued last the office of the director of national intelligence and the department for homeland security said they were that the theft of emails from the and from which were published by was directed by the states have also recently seen scanning and probing of their which in most cases originated from servers operated by a the statement went on. we are not now in a position to attribute this activity to the on whether the agencies had confidence that the election itself had been a spokesman for the office of the director of national intelligence colleagues at the department for homeland security are best positioned to address spokesman for the department for homeland did not respond to requests for elections 
The government of has a credit rating of and a budget of over billion. You would think it could meet its payroll. But for most of this getting paid has been an exercise in frustration for more than 80,000 public servants not for lack of but because of a new payroll system that has repeatedly gone haywire. One of the 80,000 is Bill a leading seaman in the coast a civilian agency. His overtime and supplementary pay for duty as an rescue worker stopped coming in and then in when he was out in the North aboard the patrol ship J. he discovered that he was no longer being paid at all. He tried to address the problem but the satellite link available to him on the ship was so slow that downloading an email attachment could take a whole day. He tried to deal with it by but the government employee kept putting him on perpetual hold. He finally had to tell his wife back in Newfoundland to put off buying clothes and supplies for their three children. makes you feel pretty being 300 or 400 miles offshore when I have poor and my wife is at home said. was an awful lot of worry and Unwelcome payday surprises like have troubled the public service since when the government switched to the new payroll known as and laid off about 2,700 payroll clerks who were no longer supposed to be needed. The government manages a payroll of 20 billion dollars a about billion. Government leaders have promised that which covers about 300,000 civilian government will be soon. But workers and their unions are and the government has put off extending Phoenix to cover the military and the Royal Mounted a change that was supposed to happen on 1. Every imaginable kind of pay problem appears to have cropped affecting every kind of even some political aides to cabinet ministers. Some workers have been underpaid and others overpaid. Miscalculated deductions have left some workers with pay deposits that were not much more than pocket change. And like were simply dropped from the payroll in error. Managers in some government departments found themselves lending their own money to subordinates to cover basic needs like groceries. Merchants in small cities where the government is a major employer have seen sales slump. When a temporary system was set up to give emergency pay to affected Phoenix sometimes immediately took back what the system gave. A number of people with skills in high like have quit the government to work for employers with functioning payroll systems. Many of the employees who were hired to operate the Phoenix system became so stressed by the flood of complaints that they took sick leaving their office in New even harder pressed to cope. single we get calls from our said the national executive vice president of the Public Service Alliance of a labor union. got the government of not able to pay its employees on it is a national acknowledged that the previous payroll a patchwork of needed replacing. In Prime Minister a hired to create a replacement based on a software system made by Oracle that is widely used by corporations and institutions to manage finances and employees. What went wrong after that is a matter of but probably involved a combination of poor planning and some wishful thinking. M. who inherited Phoenix when she was named minister of public services and procurement by Prime Minister last has asked the auditor general for a Everyone agrees that the job was not easy. Though many government employees work in office the public payroll also includes a wide array of people like with complicated work schedules and pay rules. The government estimates that its 27 collective agreements with 15 as well as its own have led to more than 80,000 rules governing wages and salaries. the president of another the Professional Institute of the Public Service of is also a computer systems analyst who had experience before going to work for the government. She faults the government for turning to an outside to create the new payroll rather than relying on its own software developers. Once that choice was she the Harper government put so much emphasis on saving money that it undermined efforts to ensure that the system would function well. they say is adhering to the terms of the Ms. said. government just scope out the contract At a parliamentary committee hearing in Ms. said the Conservatives had skimped on training for the 500 workers hired to run actually buying into what had advocated as the amount of training that really needed to take While the Conservatives have avoided answering direct questions about their role in the they have repeatedly accused the Liberal government of bungling what they started. the previous government is like taking home a nice steak from the butcher and then burning it and blaming the the member of Parliament who is the Conservative spokesman on the said at the hearing. The potential for trouble was apparent early on. In May when the Conservatives still held recommended pushing back the planned of Phoenix at the end of that year. It was postponed until but the government went ahead with layoffs of the payroll clerks making it impossible to keep the old system operating as a backup in case of teething trouble with Phoenix. problems are far from being and new issues keep appearing. But the government has managed to reduce the number of employees who have pay problems to about in part by rehiring some of the payroll clerks to help out. After a fitful an emergency pay system appears to have ended the need for managers to dip into their own bank accounts to help employees. But instead of saving the government 70 million dollars this as Phoenix has cost the government an extra million million in United States including million in additional fees paid to to fix it. In a said that it to work in close partnership with the to make Phoenix work properly and that remaining issues are primarily nontechnical the system is operating as and the vast majority of the issues are and Phoenix continues to baffle some of those it was supposed to pay. is an example. He worked at government nursing stations in remote indigenous reserves in northern until when he quit to take a hospital job in his native Newfoundland. At the time he he was owed about 4,000 dollars in back pay because of Phoenix problems. In it appeared that the government would finally pay up. But it deposited just a fraction of what it owed into his bank 306 dollars. the government went back into his bank account and withdrew 346 claiming that he had been overpaid. Since then he has been unable to get any answers from the call center. But even though its call center is not the Phoenix system forgotten still getting a biweekly pay he said.
President V. of and J. Trump spoke by telephone for the first time on agreeing to review what both consider the poor state of relations between the two according to a statement from the The two agreed the absolutely unsatisfactory state of bilateral said the and they both endorsed the idea of undertaking joint efforts normalize relations and pursue constructive cooperation on the broadest possible range of The issues discussed included trade and economic ties as well as combating terrorism. was one of the first world leaders to congratulate Trump last sending him a telegram about an hour after he had emerged the but the two men have not met nor had they spoken previously. repeated the congratulations over the phone. The president said he hoped that could build a with on the bases of mutual respect and noninterference in the internal the release said. The two men also discussed in the context of need to work together in the struggle against the No. 1 common enemy international terrorism and the statement said. Although maintained studied neutrality during the presidential the news which answers to clearly pulled for Trump. Among other blames then secretary of for the mass demonstrations that greeted his return to the presidency in 2012. After the flagship state television news broadcast took to referring to her as the During the senior United States security officials accused of hacking the computers at the Democratic National Committee headquarters and releasing emails that proved embarrassing to the campaign. denied any state role in the hacking. The government was one of the few around the world that was openly gleeful about the election with members of the State the lower house of the breaking into applause at the announcement. The United loyal to dominates the Trump and developed something of a mutual admiration society during the particularly after Trump suggested that which annexed from should belong to and that the United States should ally itself with and the government of President to fight the State. Trump also suggested the United States might dilute its support for which considers a main threat. Much of the brief statement from the about the telephone call echoed previous statements that had made about his goals for relations with including return to mutually beneficial openly endorses the idea that the world should return to the era when two superpowers assumed a general responsibility for global stability and security. Some have suggested that Trump is unpredictable and the traditional Republican penchant for painting as a dire threat could still emerge. The administration is hoping that the West will lift sanctions imposed over the crisis in On the phone which the said was arranged by mutual the two men agreed to stay in contact and to meet at an unspecified date in the future. Trump described the note on his victory that he received from as For its has continued its glowing tributes to Trump as a paragon who triumphed in what is repeatedly depicted in the media as the swamp of politics. The main weekly news program on state television every night tends to focus mainly on the United with the suggesting this week that follow the lead in replacing its leaders. Under President the government would finally drop what the anchor called its annoying slogans about human rights and democracy. has a lot of trust in he said.
a sculptor best known for collaborative works celebrating culture and died on 14 in the He was 69. His the deputy director of the National Museum of History and said that the cause was prostate cancer. a former seminarian and War assimilated a wide range of genres and among them maps and bowls of to depict heritage and the diaspora in works that blurred the boundaries between performance and conceptual art. His memorial to the poet at the Center for Research in Black Culture in was described as by The Village Voice. Ebony magazine praised his waterfall cascading over the words of the Rev. Martin King at the Performing Arts Center in as a The critic wrote in The New Times in 1989 that his at the Social Security building in South be the best public sculpture installed in New City this works are also on display near the Burial Ground National Monument at the Federal Office Building in Lower and at the Memorial Library in They are in the permanent collections of the Museum of Modern Art in New the Museum and Sculpture Garden in the Museum of Contemporary Art in and the Studio Museum in frequently collaborated with his the poet who survives and the architect distinguishes career is how it combines emotion and politics with visual and architectural director of the Studies Center of the University of said in an email. legacy resides in his unique ability to merge art and rigorous research in the creation of works that identity while inspiring communication and reminding us of our said he was drawn to ritual and the transmission of wisdom and culture across continents and as he evolved from painting to performance music and wall floor installations and sculptures that the imagination and bring to mind a flood of memories and was born on in to an and a waiter. After studying in a he enlisted in the Air Force and served in as a communications among other at the height of the war there. He graduated from University in 1973 with a bachelor of fine arts degree and received a in fine arts from the University of Southern He was the recipient of a fellowship and the Prize from the Academy in In addition to his with whom he lived in and and his he is survived by three and work may be his terrazzo and brass floor design at the part of the New Public Library. It is a memorial both to whose ashes are buried in a urn within the and to a historian and bibliophile whose collection became the basis for the center named in his honor. An allegorical dance the work maps the diaspora and features verses from poem Speaks of Unveiled in the titled includes the last soul has grown deep like the In exhibited Cakewalk A Cultural a large window etched like a dance at the Museum of Modern Art. The work evoked a dance by slaves that began as a mockery of their white masters. Overlaid was a map of five Southern including the birthplace of whose one critic protected her from prejudice.
THE SOUND OF a number of whom have recently been trying to seize control of are in an advanced state of confusion today as they try to make sense of what they saw during West Ham v joust in the Cup. Footage and photographs across a variety of media outlets clearly show rows of valiant individuals trying to stop hordes of mostly white savages from tearing into each other and spilling rivers of blood in the stands in the name of some ancient tribal feud. And were seen to throw coins and laughable shapes as they made shows of themselves at the Dome and ruin the fun of people come to enjoy one of top 10 derbies. Of the fact that around 10,000 tickets went unsold for the game suggests that many people foresaw the outbreak of violent having picked up the clues from West previous attempts to safeguard supporters at their spacious new home. That new brand that said she and her highly respected employers want to give West Ham looking too hot right now. Perhaps there are some forms of adult entertainment they quite would subject their kids to that kind of West Ham view of crowd trouble Read Ham were a lot quicker to condemn the violence than they were to prevent it and they released a statement to say they would help the authorities take action after the event. They also pointed out that at least the stadium has good viewing equipment and they referring to the binoculars that fans bring to try to identify players on the pitch. Stadium is fitted with a state of the art system which provides footage of every area of the ground and has led to the successful identification and subsequent banning of 23 individuals already this trumpeted a club statement. those found to have acted improperly will be banned from attending any West Ham United fixtures for life and we will request the courts serve banning orders to prevent these individuals attending any other In the how many other people have been put off OF THE do we keep the dream alive in For that is It is giving clubs the chance to play against other big teams for a big prize. That prize might be entry back into chief suit reckons needs to suck it up and get with a new for wonder whether is the perfect spokesman for a new line of condoms Quote of the As anyone who played behind him at would surely he offered no protection Hodge Fiver may be surprised to learn that far from being to the east of Fiver is really about 50 miles to the west. In I reckon every town in the north is west of Fiver Towers starts somewhere around the We tend to think of the east coast as being more or less aligned but it actually veers as sharply off to the left as Weird Uncle Fiver trying to fit in at a Momentum Peter Hodge and choosing life as a Championship contender over being a Premier League As a I was almost at the point of feeling the same way. The experience of looking at the results with a mixture of excitement and expectation is without doubt better than looking at them with a mixture of dread and frustration. So much so that I was on the cusp of preferring life in the Championship to that of life in the best league in the world. that was before I saw Football on The Championship for the first time. Having to watch the highlights of a winning performance on what appears to be an media studies staffed by pundits whose only qualification for the role seems to be that they own a has killed my budding love for my new league. Say what you like about losing in the Premier at least you could watch it on a show with high production I request that The Fiver follows this Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is Peter who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager Towers. not out till 4 so you the lucky got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring AND getting any better for manager after he was sent to the stands during their Milk Cup exit at before being forced to stay on the south coast for an extra night after fog their flight north. the moment our out but he sighed. Twitter old got to do to get a win around Mike suits have charged with misconduct over his comments about ref before 0-0 draw at the draw for the Cup v Nasty United v West Hull City v and Arsenal v boss Mark has played down reports linking him with the job. am the manager of I would never talk about another club or another he tooted. am just amazed that it even makes the sporting director he of the tossing gum at made light of the incident when giving his counterpart a pack of Hubba after 2-1 cup win over matter is done now. If since the incident I have had an amicable relationship with he cheered. have spoken from time to time over since. been very friendly and not blown up the WANT as West Ham were starting to feel at fans let the club writes we also get the would subject their kids to that kind of Hipster St are having quite the impact far and inspiring fans in to unite and help refugees. Twitter St St Conn has been along to League One club Bury to get to the bottom of the financial has been helping do the business at the top of A. was a bit and in derby so says an oddball and more. this Classic and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND THROWS A 
campaign has seized on embarrassing revelations of blurred lines between the Foundation and the business as fresh emails cause their biggest political stir new disclosures detail the extent of what was dubbed by advisers who boasted of securing more than for the former president when challenged about their own conflicts of email discussing an internal investigation into whether the charitable status was at risk reveals warning that her father would be to hear that comparisons were being made between his activities and profit the affair threatens to cast a cloud over campaign as demands are made for the full internal audit to be made public rather than just the snapshots provided via campaign fends off questions about Read revelation that the Foundation undertook an investigation into whether they were violating charity rules because of the efforts of the is deeply said Trump spokesman Miller on the matter of the must release all the internal documents related to the investigation of the including interview notes and other supporting documentation as well as all initial and preliminary has been releasing embarrassing and sometimes revelatory emails from and key figures in her party since giving an unprecedented insight into the workings of her campaign and foundation and raising hopes on the right that the group may publish something truly damaging before election campaign has largely shrugged off the apparent release of emails sent to its chairman John pointing out that US intelligence believes the hacking was carried out by in an attempt to manipulate the presidential election. It did not respond to a request for comment on the latest the disclosures reveal undeniable concerns even within the family that those around the were seeking to profit from their political connections in inappropriate makes me very wrote who in one that members of parliament had been called by advisers claiming to speak for her father but instead acting for commercial clients such as Chemical. without my and inelegantly and ineffectually at and at worse ... now precipitating people in make comparisons between my father and Tony profit which would horrify my avoided criticism of Wall Street in speeches Read attempts to blame advisers for exploiting their political ties provoked a fierce response from one who claimed the former president his also from hospitality and as a result of their then do we go through an exercise like this internal and as he is far more conflicted every single day in what he Why not apply the structure you set up for him to this wrote a former personal aide or to the former president who went on to set up a highly successful business consultancy called does not have to sign such a document even though he is personally paid by three Global gets many expensive gifts from some that are at added in reference to recommendations form the a report defending his Band also points out that he and another close aide personally secured in and in future for president including an estimated in paid report details how clients of such as and were encouraged to make donations to the Foundation in exchange for personal meetings with the former sometimes at the family homes in and email also reveals how was persuaded to meet with while he was a senior adviser to Barrack writing to Band acknowledged that both he and partner a former chairman of public relations giant Financial Dynamics and US economic envoy to Northern the unorthodox nature of our but felt it was appropriate to steer clients into making donations to the the memo worked to encourage where to support the Foundation because of the good work that it does around the said their company in a statement released to the Guardian. also clearly shows that never received any financial benefit or benefit of any kind from doing the law firm hired by the Foundation to review its relationships warned that some corporate donors have an expectation of quid pro quo benefits in return for according to one report revealed by Band called the arrangement the rest of us call it outright claimed Trump in a statement on the were willing to play this fast and loose with their enterprise when they in the White just imagine what they will do if they are given the chance to control the Oval 
Its first operatives famously cracked coded messages encrypted by the hastening the end of the second world Park is planning a new school for the next generation of in order to plug a huge skills gap in what is fast emerging as the biggest security threat to was one of many heroes at Park Read College of National a first for the is scheduled to open in 2018 in a specially adapted premises on the Park site. The boarding school will be free to the with a mix of venture corporate sponsorship and very possibly state funding underwriting the school will teach skills to some of the most gifted to It will select on talent looking in particular for exceptional problem solvers and logic regardless of wealth or family according to a driving force behind the threat is the real threat facing the and the problem causing the government and companies is growing said chair of a created by a consortium of experts for the purposes of education. Twitter Park in which is to be the site of the first college. is a shortfall in terms of the professional resources to combat this right now and it will get so much worse unless there is a to get to grips with adding that a shortage of about 700,000 experts in has meant that companies are struggling to get the right people. The college will offer a curriculum that balances tuition approximately with related subjects including and computer science over a study period. Beyond the boarding school there will be a selection of virtual short courses. Staffing and a detailed curriculum are still being thrashed out. is discussing with the Department for Education whether state funding will apply. If it does the backup plan is to rely wholly on corporate sponsorship and money earned from other initiatives. Twitter Park buildings that are being renovated. college will be boarding partly to ensure attendance by those who do not live in the but according to so individuals attending the college see themselves as a collective by their and linked by a common One in 10 places will be offered to day will be open to anybody providing that they can demonstrate the key talent people who have natural ability to solve logic is growing at an unprecedented rate. According to the 2016 Security Threat campaigns targeting corporate and private data via seemingly innocuous emails have increased by over the past year. The report also found that of all legitimate websites have serious security Park celebrates who changed course of first world war Read a expert at thinks the college is an excellent initiative as the next generation is going to be key to are in that they have grown up in this technologically reliant world and perhaps are not held back by naivety of older generations who think a single firewall or a decent password is enough to secure their the interest of budding specialists is the main challenge. The school was launched because of the belief that there is a gap in education from where forms part of the national computing curriculum to degree where plenty of universities offer options. a professor of war studies at College questions whether the needs such an academy. already the promise of a new initiative mentioned in the new National Security and this in addition to many degree research groups of the sovereign capabilities of armed police and he those involved with it is touching that part of the site is being reused for its original purpose. The museum will remain fully but the two largest buildings on the site are being refurbished at a cost of more than to house the director and founding member of the Park Trust and the National Museum of initiatives such as the national we can effectively combine the principles of education and innovation for which everything on this site stands. Previous generations are deeply proud of their contributions at Park. I am keen to see what the next cadre will 
In his early years as a M. was once asked about the most effective way to fight organized crime. At the had made a name for himself as a United States attorney by indicting more than 100 Mafia figures. raised a novel strategy. we ought to declare a moratorium on the prosecution of organized crime for five to 10 he told Victor S. for a New Times Magazine article in 1970. let them become so rich that they will give up their predatory instincts and be much more concerned about getting their children into law medical school and so and have lost their He never did declare that moratorium. His years of doing battle with crime in all forms were just beginning. now 97 and still working five days a was the district attorney for from 1975 until he retired at age 90 in during which time crime in New was completely and the city with it. There were 648 murders in the year he took office. When he there were 58. It was the kind of transformation no one at the time could have imagined. robberies and property crimes similarly fell sharply. parks and whole neighborhoods were reinvented. People who were dedicated to killing one another found other ways to settle their disputes. On a recent lunch hour in his office at the firm was at a loss to explain just how it had all happened. theory was prompt and certain prosecution and he said. you commit a the chances of you being arrested were pretty good. And be prosecuted promptly. I believe in long sentences. Crime came down all but it came down much more in than any other place in the city or state. We went from being the No. 1 borough for murders to No. 4. I never claimed credit for the drop in because I thought if crime goes back up they can blame me. So I never stuck my neck His office in Midtown where he has worked since faintly echoed the clutter of his former with stacks of papers covering the desk and and no computer in sight. The lunch was sandwiches and salads. He recalled a night from his first months on the when he sat in a surveillance van on the Lower East Side of and watched dealers sell drugs as a uniformed patrolman stood idly by. were getting away with he said. the Police Department really looking at any murders north of 96th Street. That was where it was walled off. A severed head was found on Avenue in the Nobody was investigating to see who it was or what happened. It news. It The numbers from his tenure are staggering. a oversaw by his count 3.5 million and he won nine elections and served under five He hired assistant district M. John F. R. More than 80 of his prosecutors went on to be judges better or said. He brought cases against international drug money the murderer of John the Chambers and the son who swindled millions from He was in a cardigan with a gruff mouth and sometimes mismatched socks. His prosecutors won hundreds of millions in settlements and judgments against including L. the former chief executive of International whose luxuries included a shower they also wrongfully prosecuted five young and men for the rape and beating of a jogger in Central Park. was remarkably said president of John Jay College of Criminal who was also a mayoral adviser and deputy commissioner of legal matters for the Police Department during parts of tenure. had a reputation for making tough calls and putting his name and reputation on the In most elections he ran uncontested. became the model for the first district attorney on played by who the real district attorney thought was pretty good. was mad at said. he came down to see and I had lunch with him. And I told if you ever decide to let me know in advance. the report was he was getting an episode. I was he resigned without telling When in left he told reporters he did not know what he would do but he was not ready to hang it up. got an email from my older brother who said this is a bad time to be looking for a he said. Morris was born in into a family that rose to great public influence through public service. His grandfather Henry was President ambassador to where he unsuccessfully urged the United States to intervene in the slaughter of his Henry was Treasury secretary under his friend President Franklin D. and persuaded the reluctant administration to intercede belatedly in the slaughter of the second of three grew up on the Upper West Side of and in upstate New among the and the used to cook for he volunteering a story he has told before. have some pictures of me cooking hot dogs for the queen. But the most exciting thing for me was when brought down to our farm in My my came into Navy Yard and I got a weekend pass and I came home. I made them mint His father and the president planned to open a restaurant together if political career went said. for some reason has never got any he said. was going to be the and my father was going to be the chief chef. They actually bought the For the young his public service career began with World War where he served on a destroyer that was sunk by torpedo then on another that spent almost two months under constant aerial attack. Those more than his relationship with the shaped his said who is writing a family biography of the The future district attorney spent much of the and coping with undiagnosed until President John F. tapped him to be a United States attorney in 1961. In his Midtown said only that his brushes with death in the war drove him to something useful with the rest of my As a United States built a reputation first for taking on the Mafia and and later for not leaving the job when a Republican M. took office and wanted him gone. Instead he pursuing cases that involved campaign donors and telling reporters that if the president had asked him to stay he would have resigned immediately. When he took over the district there were fewer than 300 many without desk and crime was beginning a historic climb. he directed his resources toward violent which dominated the public mind. he reorganized the department so the same prosecutor took on a case from arraignment to cutting the time for felony cases to 18 weeks from 32 weeks. He started a Career Criminal Program to go after the repeat offenders who commit a disproportionate share of and added the first sex crimes a unit for gun crimes and a branch office in then a hotbed of crime. buzzwords that occur to me are ethics and said M. president of the Citizens Crime Commission and a former prosecutor under from Day 1 you understood that there were and you cross them. And independence. He was willing to yield power. He never overruled anything I If there were mistakes along the like the wrongful 1990 prosecution of five young men on charges of raping and brutalizing a jogger in Central now had little interest in revisiting them. a matter of policy I look he said. I wish done though there were some things I should have done but I mean I think I did everything I just try to close that Of the Central Park which were vacated after 12 years when a serial rapist followed by an eventual settlement of million to the five would say only that his office had erred but corrected the mistake when the new evidence emerged. I feel he said. I felt badly. We had screwed up. But there were confessions. had complete confidence in he referring to the prosecutor who supervised the case. out to be misplaced. But we rectified Ms. who now writes crime novels and conducts training sessions with the district has defended the prosecution and investigation as sound. culpa does not satisfy critics like L. a defense lawyer who often went up against his including in the appeal of one of the Central Park Five. tenure almost precisely tracked the era of mass said. was the dean and he could have used his moral authority to change that and he was silent. He was an active contributor to mass said that on the he avoided seeking long sentences for offenders and that he instructed his staff not to prosecute people arrested on marijuana charges. But he defended the strategy of prosecuting offenders like because killers or rapists tended to commit lesser crimes as well. And as violent crime fell in the late with the end of the crack cocaine shifted the resources to securities and other often entering turf battles with federal prosecutors. In his last five his office recovered more than billion from settlements and forfeitures. Though he was accused of losing focus on neighborhood he had pursued those difficult cases a kid on the street can stick up a but he put his money he all these people driving around in fancy and you had to show them that justice was for His successes earned him enemies and occasional threats. was pretty fatalistic about he said. worry about the professional because I figured they knew what they were doing and been through the system. What I worried about was the said he got the most threatening letters when his office prosecuted the New Giants wide receiver who in 2008 accidentally shot himself at a and later pleaded guilty to gun charges. he the risk they were In his current has been lobbying to ease immigration laws and improve mental health care for military and helping the death penalty appeal in of who was convicted in 1988 on testimony from witnesses who later proved unreliable. still reports to work God he said. He gets on the treadmill most days and wears a heart monitor. The stacks of paper in the office rise familiarly around his Van has been with him since he became district attorney. When his cellphone rang during the lunch the voice on the other end was loud enough to carry across the table his a former reporter for The New Times and the author of and answering the call. just calling to say I love the voice blared. he told her. appreciate As codas to a highly effectual public his current projects seem almost especially his push for looser immigration which is unlikely to succeed in a Trump administration. standpoint payback he referring to the good fortune his family has starting with his immigrant grandfather. like what and I think what doing is important. I may be kidding He admitted that none of his projects were going well. And like everyone else in New he is trying to make sense of a changing one in whose changes he played a part. The streets are but monstrosities have gone and the prices are out of with money flaunt it the way they do he continued. just think the huge no communication between them and the street. no sense of community. You feel it. I think He remembered his childhood at 35 West 81st sandwiched between the Avenue elevated train and the Eighth Avenue streetcar. pride ourselves on how modern we but we had better local transportation than we do he said. fact that there was an el there kept the property values down. But as a child it was an attraction. You wake up at 2 in the morning and hear a train rumbling by and you felt secure in an odd It was as close as he came to pining for a bygone and as quickly as the sentiment rose it was gone again. After more than half a century as a knows you lose some then gather yourself to fight another day. Because if you that would be the time to start worrying. And unlike his he simply go into reruns. Not anyway.
A secret relationship had made the two men the head of a the an executive at a major pharmaceutical company who had promised to funnel millions of dollars to his partner in exchange for receiving millions of his own. They celebrated over email like characters in a classic western movie with one saying that they would soon into the together. Those were the details laid out in a complaint announced on by federal which brought that cinematic tale to an inglorious end. The prosecutors charged the two executives the chief executive of the pharmacy and an executive at Pharmaceuticals International with multiple counts of fraud and conspiracy for what prosecutors described as a scheme to enrich themselves. The arrests represent the first charges in multiple state and federal investigations into business including inquiries by Congress and the Securities and Exchange Commission. As the questions have mounted over the last shares of a major drug maker that was once a Wall Street have fallen putting the future in doubt. In a noted that the company and its top executives had not been charged in the and said it was cooperating with the investigation. A lawyer for Davenport said his client intended to defend and a lawyer for Tanner said his innocence would be demonstrated at trial. Of all the questions surrounding the its relationship to the small pharmacy drew perhaps the most scrutiny. In revealed that it had bought an option to acquire in 2014 but had never disclosed that detail to investors. Several media outlets reported on a host of tactics was said to have used to steer its products through and increase including altering prescriptions to specify that and not a cheaper be dispensed. It cut ties to that same month. According to the filed in Federal District Court for the Southern District of New Tanner and Davenport were at the heart of this relationship. The government said the two concealed from a secret pact they had made to promote the interests inside including persuading to buy an option to acquire The government contends Tanner used a secret email under the name to communicate with Davenport. Prosecutors said Tanner and Davenport initiated their plan while Tanner was in charge of what was known at as or the practice of using pharmacies to increase prescriptions for its drugs that otherwise might have been filled by cheaper generic alternatives. As the scheme prosecutors Tanner resisted efforts by senior leadership to seek out relationships with and his efforts were critical in leading into the agreement in 2014. profited handsomely from the relationship prosecutors said it grew to an enterprise with 450 employees and tens of millions of dollars in revenue at the end of 2014 from a tiny in 2013. Until was shut down in at least 90 percent of the drugs it dispensed were sold by the federal complaint said. Tanner also benefited from the the authorities said. According to the Davenport used a series of shell companies including one called End Game to secretly transfer a kickback payment to Tanner after the agreement went through. According to about million from the deal between and went to they sent about million of that to Tanner. The complaint said that officials questioned Tanner several times about whether he had any financial relationship with and that he said he did not. M. a lawyer for said his client had simply been doing his job. was job at to grow and promote he said in a statement. performed that job exceptionally greatly benefiting and regularly communicated to his superiors what he was said Davenport had worked full and also benefited which is why and its highly sophisticated and active management team sought to buy Tanner was forced out of in 2015. Davenport remained at until the company shut down. Regardless of whether top executives were aware of the arrangement between Tanner and benefited significantly from its ties to the allowing it to increase sales of ailing products and obscure more significant problems with the said a senior analyst with Gimme a bond research firm. She noted that paid million to enter into the purchase then quickly paid it million according to the complaint. is how much valued this right off the Ms. said. When disclosed its relationship to last it said that the pharmacy had accounted for about 7 percent of its sales in the third quarter of or about million. Beyond the relationship between Davenport and has said in public filings that the government investigations into could include looking into whether it improperly used its ties to the pharmacy to bill third such as insurers. the United States attorney for the Southern District of New said at a news conference on that the investigation was but he declined to discuss specifics. He would not say whether his office was looking into accounting practices. A spokesman for said the office did not have any agreements with cooperating witnesses to make public at this time. His office has tended to make cooperation agreements public when an investigation is largely complete. The criminal complaint also refers to interviews with several unnamed former but does not identify any of them as cooperating witnesses. The series of negative developments over the last year have pummeled stock pushing it down to its current a share from nearly a share last Its chief J. stepped down in the and the problems also led to a of the board. The precipitous decline has punished a number of big hedge funds that hold large positions in firms like Square Capital Company and Capital Management. No hedge fund may have been hurt more than the billion firm led by the investor A. began buying shares in early when the stock was trading around and he has remained a true believer. This well after concerns about business dealings with became he continued to argue the company had value and secured two board seats for his holding one of them himself. Just last told his investors that he foresaw a comeback strategy for as it moved to sell off business divisions to reduce its debt obligation. He has even suggested that the company may rename itself in an effort to rebuild its reputation. Yet he has conceded that he and his firm could have done better due diligence on aggressive practices another business strategy that has prompted controversy and protests from federal legislators. in an email statement on declined to comment on the criminal charges beyond the statement.
Here is match report for you and that means that my work here is done. Thanks very much for reading as and for your emails. sets West on way to humbling of Read more well. West are up to ninth in the table after an emphatic and very much deserved victory. gave it a crack for the first 10 minutes of the second half but when the standout got the goal he it knocked the stuffing out of the visitors who have still managed to win just one point away from two wins in a row for West and we say that very often. And plenty of positives for the Baggies. They defended very in particular and could not live with nor pace. If stays and with to come back for West they can certainly consolidate their place in the top have loved to take something back with them but it will be their home form that determines whether they stay up and they will have to regroup quickly with City the visitors on looks dejected after his team were outrun and outfought at the Hawthorns. has some space to run down the right and lays it off to who has really grown into the game. He spreads it to the tireless but he do much with it. One last chance for as is fouled near halfway but the comes to nothing and that is that. a good one but both and get their heads to the ball but not enough contact and so a and and jump for the ball. Images Space opens up for who cuts in from the left and shoots with his right. gets in the way so another corner. 90 West are going through the motions a bit but picks it up 30 yards out with time to and he fires a low with the help of a deflection off and gets down to turn it around his right post. 89 is getting frustrated. delayed his pass to long and West caught him offside. They have certainly defended well. Foster thumps it out of play on the full before has to readjust to clear after good West pressure. 88 could do with the final whistle what with having to play City at the weekend clear and will now have a throw on the left. hacks straight into the air. 86 West are content to knock it about now but finds with an excellent cross field ball. takes a throw and are still under pressure. 85 Foster is going to take a just outside his but in no rush to do so. Brunt crops up on the whips in a cross and be a West throw on the left. 84 Brunt to take a corner from the right. again dangerous but all the way through to who finds His cross is all the way out on the left so the Clarets clear from the back. Gray wins a from in the circle. 83 West are cruising here really. threaten through Gray but West win it back and counter. to Brunt on the who fires over another a dangerous which almost finds 81 with the throw on the to who wins a foul after a push in the back from is coming on for West but Brunt will take the first. an excellent one but Ward and clear. 80 Foster goes picks up the loose ball but loses it to and fouls the midfielder. 79 is also on for replacing 78 on the right on to on the scramble clear but West come again. has it. Now who crosses as far as who traps it on his chest and after one bounce has a off is going off to an again understandably even bigger round of applause. is on. 77 West count charges through and gets his cross but it comes to nothing. That was a bit of a waste. 76 charges in field after the throw and wins a in a dangerous area. Perfect for a and will take it well struck but just a bit too close to as in straight at him. Foster actually almost lets it slip but gets enough to push it on to the top of the bar. 74 across to and inside to will have a throw on the but before that comes on for who understandably gets a big round of applause. 73 Gray gets a out on the now and again. On to and in to on his unleashes one of those shots that really accelerates late it catches Foster out a bit but he gets enough behind it. 72 Brunt whips in a dangerous clears. West have it at the back. in no finds and now and back to Foster. from the long ball goes to no one. 71 Brunt out to Fletcher on the towards but to clears and now has it at 70 Change for Gray is coming who has had a night to is coming off. 68 Oh after hacking races up the puts pressure on the covering defender and is eventually brought down by not small but he can shift alright. 67 pulls it down on the edge of the area but snatches at his shot a bit and well off target. does well down the right though and gets a low cross in. does well but a corner for the ball is looped into the West area but eventually hacks clear. 65 had been improved up until then but they are playing into West hands really with such a threat in space. deserves his goal as well. just have those kind of individual threats that West do. 64 down the left now. To in to and back to in the box. He pulls it just behind but the swivels around the lashes his right boot at it and the ball beats via Ward and turns to fire home the fourth. celebrates his deserved goal. Images 63 wins the long so West will have another. It seems to be a tactic to look for but it really worked so far Brunt takes it is for who has a pretty clear header from near the penalty spot but a few feet wide. 62 is fouled by half way so give the chance to go long. trots up to take it. is coming on for West soon by the looks of things. fouls after the is allowed to bounce. 59 is raging which would suggest West have come off the boil just a tad. goes long but to no one in particular so hoofs the hits the referee and now has in the box well defended by but the ball breaks to whose very good. 58 takes but puts too much on it looking for on the right. carries forward for and has it back again. into and comes deep. hard work for to make any kind of progress up the pitch with West happy to sit. though has space on the right and this time the cross is a good but West clear. 57 pushes it forward to who dummies to no one. And have a is fouled in the circle by who is not having the best of games.
Congressman of has formally entered the race for chairman of the Democratic National Committee after a brutal election day loss that left the party leaderless and in shock. win when we harness the power of everyday people and fight for the issues they care said in a statement on afternoon. is not enough for Democrats to ask for support every two years. We must be with them through every lost every tuition and every time they are the victim of a hate crime. When voters know what Democrats stand we can improve the lives of all liberal who started his career as a community has emerged as the clear choice among progressive Democrats after their stunning loss last weekend. Many from the Sanders wing are seething over their decision to run a legacy candidate in a year when the electorate demanded think we need a chair who is going to go lead some around this country in the so people get to know him and get to feel that this is a party of working men and working women around this said on a conference call organized by the liberal group Democracy for who is black and would be a symbolic rebuke to presidency. Throughout his the Republican antagonized black and voters with his incendiary rhetoric and policy the chairmanship is a test of the future as it rebuilds in the coming years. Had she would have selected the probably someone from her inner circle. The formal selection of the chairman will now be conducted by party many of whom were strongly in favor of over Sanders. Ahead of the Sanders endorsed an early supporter of his candidacy. The senator sent a petition to his supporters backing that has already garnered a few hundred thousand signatures. Resistance and progressives urge Democratic party to stand up and fight Read friend is a terrific leader and a strong progressive who knows how to get things said Senator Harry the outgoing minority in a statement. is the time for new thinking and a fresh start at the Now is the time for Senator Chuck the probable incoming Democratic minority also backed for the post. On Warren said he would make a chair. On rolled out several dozen more endorsements from elected state party chairmen and labor leaders. Among the most prominent Democrats on the list were Senator of and Senator of faces opposition from the former governor who previously served as the chairman after his run for the nomination in 2004. Former governor Martin who ran for the Democratic nomination this said last week that he is a hard at the role. Whoever becomes the next chair will replace the interim who assumed the role from Congresswoman in stepped down on the eve of the convention after hacked emails revealed that party officials had explored ways to hamper Sanders in the primaries. As support for the former said he believed the congressman would make a messenger for the party but said experience is know the mechanics I just want to make sure we get this Dean said in on night. He very happy to let somebody else be the face of the Dean said. 
Recently I visited my brother and his wife and was left asking myself some questions. Why did he never like What did I do Why is he talking behind my back with relatives at other family Does his wife believe what he Why he accept like he accepts our little whom he loves I think I did anything wrong as a or anything to justify this in my teenage or adult years. Everything I have ever done has been a joke and ridiculous to all my life choices were jokes to family gatherings always the same my brother refuses to talk to me or even to say hello. It always ends with a proof of how great he and him belittling and it is never done as a joke. I feel so humiliated. Why does he have to put me down in front of Why he just like His wife makes a great effort to chat with me and my mum and I make a great effort to try to bond with his she is my only connection to my brother the nice side of him. My mum only wants us to be friends. It is her deepest sadness that we cannot get along. These moments are leaving me in a mess. I have reached out a hand to him since I was a and I always wanted to have the same sort of relationship as he has with our younger brother. I get no result. Do I need to go to these family events just to comfort my a long day of tension that does not end after I go home. It leaves me full of questions that I believe I will never have an answer you have to go to these family events just to comfort your but it sounds as if you would like a different relationship with your solved Read consulted psychoanalytical psychotherapist understand sibling she has to understand it in the context of the whole says that sibling rivalry been with us all of human and all who have siblings have an inkling of what like. You can even have sibling rivalry in the closest of sibling relationships. she often arises in the context of early deprivation. If there is lots of love and care to go things like this situation between you and your get going quite as wondered where your dad was there was no mention of him in your longer letter. The other parent can be greatly beneficial in helping to manage sibling especially when the children are and I wondered where you came in the family and we wondered if perhaps you were close in age and your brother was older than you. He humiliates you and implies you are maybe this is because he had to suppress his own childlike help you with this because you clearly want them to be different we thought it may be useful to turn the situation around and instead of looking at how awful your brother is it may be beneficial to look at things from his point of view. Maybe thinking about your early lives what were your parents like with you what were they like with each other in front of and thinking what life was like for you as small specifically what life was like for him after you came along if you are speculates your brother is projecting on to you a lot of infantile feelings which having to carry for him. Maybe he had to grow up too quickly you were if he was born He humiliates you and implies you are maybe this is because he had to suppress his own childlike in your longer letter it sounds as if the way your brother behaves towards you is very humiliating putting you the way that child siblings are your brother may be acting in this very way because stuck in his childhood relationship with you. brother has feelings he or explains he has converted those feelings into something rivalry has made our lives hell I wait till my son left home Read can you suggests trying to start a with him away from your mother and others. I said a few months ago that sibling relationships can be transformed away from the you email your brother and say something like us to be and at some point ask him what his formative years were if never done this with a sibling it is really This may not work of course. are reflecting the explained may not he does not I would pull back for a while. Find what makes you what gives you confidence outside of family life and put your energies into friends. Be polite to him his wife sounds like she may be your greatest ally That when you do see him you will be more resilient. You can try but remember you can only control your of the relationship with him. The rest has to be up to problems The Kings 90 or email regrets she cannot enter into personal on Twitter 
The inmates were just starting their day on 6 when dozens of corrections officers burst into their shouting for everyone to get down on the floor. The raid at Correctional outside officials was a surprise search for weapons made urgent after a bloody injury to a guard three days earlier. But over the next two according to officers beat and stomped on each of the more than 30 prisoners present that screaming curses and racial epithets and destroying property. Several men said their ribs were broken by kicks and punches. A prisoner said he was through the wall in his room. Down the a inmate said his nose was broken as a guard repeatedly slammed a metal door into his face. In a whispered interview last month in the visiting room of the a inmate from recalled how an officer knelt beside him as he lay on the floor. The who is serving a sentence for said the officer want to know what it feels like to feel Broccoli said the guard then jammed into his rectum. was bigger than a about the size of those small flashlights they he said. At least two other inmates have claimed they were similarly violated. The prisoners said they were warned to keep quiet and not seek medical otherwise the guards would attack again. But on a week after a Project reporter asked about the the corrections commissioner suspended the two top the superintendent and his pending an inquiry. A spokesman for the New State Department of Corrections and Community Supervision said that its Office of Special Investigations and State Police officers were investigating the dormitory raid and the 3 injury to the prison guard that preceded it. The department not tolerate any wrongdoing that puts the safety of its facilities at and will not hesitate to pursue disciplinary charges or refer cases for criminal prosecution if the spokesman said. Investigators face dueling The union insists the injured officer was the victim of a planned attack by two prisoners affiliated with the Bloods street gang. Inmates cite a different a rickety reclining chair from which the officer gashing his head as the two prisoners rushed to his aid. As in most of the there were no cameras to record the officials said. The a Navy veteran in his who had been a corrections officer for two has been out on medical leave since the records show. He did not respond to emails or return phone calls. Whatever happened to the ensuing assault was a lawyer retained by relatives said. apparent breadth of involvement by correction officers and supervisors at in this barbaric and unjustified use of collective punishment is said the who has filed a notice of intent to sue in the Court of Claims on behalf of 32 inmates. The the New State Correctional Officers Police Benevolent declined to comment. with previous unsubstantiated allegations made by convicted it is more prudent to allow the investigation to be completed so we know all of the said a union spokesman. The allegations of brutality against inmates at are the latest involving New prisons. use of force in we has reached crisis proportions in New the United States attorney in said as he announced charges in against five officers accused of beating an inmate at Downstate Correctional Facility in 2013. His office also investigated the death of an inmate at Correctional Facility last year after a violent clash with although no charges resulted. In March three officers at Correctional Facility pleaded guilty to charges of official misconduct after their unprovoked beating of an inmate who had many bones broken. Jack a director of the Correctional Association of New a nonprofit authorized by the state to monitor said the scale of the alleged attack at was surprising. guards retaliate when an officer is he said. come in and throw property smack people. But to significantly assault large numbers of The guards at the in a rural town along the refused to accept that Officer injury had been an inmates said. chairman of an inmate liaison committee served in the Army during Operation Desert Storm and said he and Officer talked about their military experiences. was easygoing. No one was mad at said who is serving a sentence for drug possession. He said the guard usually sat in a office known as in the day with his legs propped up on the desk as he reclined in a chair. used to joke with him about that said. you are going to fall That Officer made his rounds and then went into the which included a desk and a and was often unsecured. He said he saw the guard back in his chair with a book but his eyes were Moments when he was in his heard a commotion. He ran back to the day room. see two inmates inside the bubble and they are trying to help up off the who was released in August after serving four years for selling said he also witnessed the guard reclining in the chair. even know the book he was a Woods said. just fell He said two inmates entered the office to help Officer were asking him was he and he One of the inmates said he was going to pull an emergency alarm carried by officers to get recalled. In prison it is called the and considered a summons to a major emergency. Officer said but pulled it A news release issued by the union said guards responding to the alarm found Officer unconscious and bleeding. He received eight stitches over his eyebrow. Two inmates who guards believed were responsible for the wound were taken to solitary confinement. Four months no criminal charges have been filed or disciplinary actions taken against those a corrections department spokesman said. The prisoner accused of leading the of has since been moved to another prison. inmates accused of assaulting officers are given lengthy sentences in isolation at prisons. who is serving a sentence for assault and weapons did not respond to a letter asking him to contact a reporter. Two inmates said may have had gang but they noted he was also a member of the inmate liaison committee and appeared to have had a good relationship with Officer Immediately after the guard was corrections officers and prison administrative employees began grilling inmates. As was an officer loomed over threatening to beat him with a ream of copying the inmate said. said he was handcuffed and underwent further interrogation. Officers held him over a stairwell by the waist of his pants. you ever taken an elevator recalled. was terrified. They said I had better tell the right Another said he was taken in handcuffs to a room where a guard stood beside him as he was questioned by an administrative employee. was know who ordered it and we know who did it. You better tell Each time he insisted he did not Broccoli the officer me and bangs my head against the At one Broccoli the guard whispered in his a white guy like you doing the describing them as animals and using a racial slur. Most of the dormitory residents were black or Broccoli while all of the officers involved were white. Broccoli was one of seven men interviewed in prison or after they were released who have provided accounts on the record of what happened three days later. Seven other inmates described the episode in letters to the lawyer. names were redacted in copies provided to a reporter because they did not want to be publicly will never forget that said. made some mistakes. But I have been treated like He said as many as 40 officers raced into the known as House situated in one of a cluster of buildings at which is adjacent to two other large state prisons. came running inside yelling and beating on said. He and three roommates were punched and kicked as officers emptied lockers and tipped them he said. One he look like you need your hair and he dumped my on top of me. Then another cop kicks me in the When the raid was place looked like Hurricane said. were under mattresses they had thrown on top of they had lockers on top of who is serving a term for violating his drug conviction said that when the guards came into the he flung himself on the arms outstretched. could hear the slaps and the and everything getting said. were yelling in He said the first guard who entered his room kicked one of his a man named Tony in the head. him said. When a guard ordered him to who had recently undergone hernia said he struggled to his feet. made it to one knee and he kicked me right where I had the He screamed in he but another guard grabbed him and began banging his head against the wall. was hitting me against the wall so many my head went right through said. For he he had a large knob on his forehead. just ran he said. recalled that as he lay on the floor beside his a guard smashed its metal door into his face many times. He was released on parole last month after serving five years for selling drugs. His mother said she was shocked by his appearance when he came home. face was so messed I was I believe said his who did not want her surname used because she fears official retaliation. did something wrong and he paid his dues. But send him back to me in one piece. You have no right to abuse who is serving three years for grand larceny and said guards kicked him in the chest and the leg as another officer stood on his ankle. who is gay and taking hormones to transition to said officers called him including a gay slur. One officer ground his hormone medications to dust with his he said. Another tore some of his books apart. had this book by Cooper about him and his mother that I was really looking forward to he they just destroyed said most of the officers had removed their name tags. They hurled slurs and curses at the he and other inmates remembered. you like to pick on the See how you like he recalled them saying. were telling the white are a disgrace to the white He said he was kicked in the the ribs and the then beaten with fists. He and other inmates reported that officers sliced electric cords on appliances the inmates had in their including clocks and radios. As the raid wound said he heard guards calling brass is A few minutes he he saw the and his top deputies walking down the hall. Ward and the deputy for were suspended this month. He and another inmate were later ordered to sweep up the he said. got to one room and there were two guards in there urinating on the all over the he said. One of the addressed him. a I said yes. He do you do when someone tries to injure one of your I said my military responsibility would be to hurt him back. He you see why we are doing this. You guys tried to kill one of The prisoners said they were warned not to talk. Phone calls and mail would be monitored. be back to do this all over a prison lieutenant said. word got out. who has since been moved to another said that he was mocked by guards after the episode. They when I walk he said. am so ashamed all the time. questioned my Nelson who is serving five years for selling asked his wife to relay to a reporter how he had also been beaten and sodomized with a metal object by the guards. husband is a big said his think they were trying to take his
All bathroom cleansers say they can kill of known germs. What is this germ that has a charmed Post your answers and new questions below or email them to Please include address and phone and
As New counts the costs of the in rounds up the latest developments. living on a waking New count cost of earthquake Read it for the live for now. There will be more updates on our New earthquake 2016 page. commanding officer of the ship being sent to the says his priority will be rescuing 500 stranded main aim is to get the people out he Force Officer of chats with us before the ship departs tonight for 2016 Members of the public inspect the damage to the road on the Wellington water front rain has added to the risk of land Wellington city council has warned. The acting civil conditions are right for so motorists should be extra especially on blind bends. Better stay home if you buildings in Wellington are still be checked for earthquake People are being urged to check with their employers on the safety of their workplace before returning to work. earthquake was the worst ever emails reader who lives in in Lower north of life is slowly getting back to normal despite the he says. There was no damage to my house or but my house was built in 2000 to modern earthquake codes. My are all fine to. We lose power or but there was power outages to Upper to the north of and to the Lower All power is now restored. The trains and buses are now running again into Wellington. I even went shopping at the supermarket this afternoon. There has been a steady stream of military helicopters flying from Army base just north of to the south. The aftershocks are trying we have earthquakes of magnitude 3-5 every 3-5 minutes. Hopefully back to work tomorrow. A breach in the north of is not as severe as previously according to civil authorities. They warned people to stay away from the river but have decided not to evacuate residents. river has partly breached and the volume of water is less than initially engineers will be in first thing New news site Stuff says a land slide dammed the river about upstream from the north of The water burst through the wall of debris about A helicopter in the area saw the breach and the water beginning to roll downstream. Aerial photo taken and received on shows debris causing a huge north of on the South east coast. Mark Images has footage of those stranded cows on a tiny of clumped of grass somewhere near Cows stranded on after New earthquake aerial video You can share your eyewitness photos and videos or news tips direct with our journalists via our page. Please think about your security first when recording and sharing your content. Aerial photos taken by New show rockfalls in several areas in the upper South according to a update from the the Acting Commander Joint Forces New is clear from the photos taken by our personnel that the major route from to is impassable. So is the road from to Springs and the one from to also confirmed that has been deployed to help evacuate large number of tourists and residents in as well as bring aid supplies to the worst hit areas. A landslide blocks State Highway One and the main railway line north of Mark I am handing over to my colleague Weaver now. He will keep you up to date with all the latest developments as a battered New prepares for storms to hit overnight. Thanks for reading. A earthquake hit near Springs in the north of South New at people are confirmed main roads and rail lines have been badly damaged and are of people were evacuated to high ground after a tsunami warning was issued. The warnings were but people remain advised to stay away from waterways due to strong waves and a town of about 2,000 in the South has been almost completely isolated with roads closed and phone lines down. There is a state of emergency in place for the thousand tourists will be airlifted out over the coming and a frigate is also en route to evacuate people. It could be two weeks until the roads the prime toured the affected area and said the which could cost the nation was are severe weather warnings for the northern parts of South which could hamper the response river dam has been sending a wall of water downstream and threatening think the quake might have actually been two quakes in separate strong aftershock hit near Cheviot in the South Island. A woman has been pulled alive from the rubble of a collapsed have been advised to boil drinking water in the town of Raglan after water supplies were affected by the quake. New are counting the cost of the earthquake that swallowed twisted railway lines and left towns and cities smashed and our latest full report on the aftermath of the quake living on a waking New count cost of earthquake Read more
Train companies will only have to provide slow free for customers despite a government pledge to introduce cheap across the rail the general the government announced that all train operators bidding on future franchises and direct contracts in England and Wales would have to include free as part of their pitches. The Department for Transport even found almost of funding for several including Southeastern and Trains to make sure free could be introduced on some lines by announces arrival of free on trains from 2017 Read the digital policy revealed in a parliamentary debate that the minimum speed required on those bids was 1 megabit per second per allows for basic web basic email and social media speed means a video would take hours to download and even just opening an email with an attachment would be a lengthy process. This is about a decade out of date for business even though the government wanted free to enable commuters keep up with said this minimum requirement would be increased by a year and franchise bidders were already exceeding this threshold. For will provide up to 100 per passenger by 2019 on the East a senior rail executive told the Guardian train operators could not be relied upon to guarantee fast broadband given their track records. He on trains is becoming an essential requirement for any business person but train companies in this country have been a bit slow on getting on board with better and mobile access expected to be in budget giveaway Read the passenger director at the watchdog Transport speed and connectivity can be patchy. Some operators charge for connections while while several do not offer any at all. know that passengers now expect free access to on trains it was in their top 10 priorities for improvement so we urge future franchises to ensure they have the capability to deliver digital economy has pushed the government to commit to fast rail broadband through legislation. She is considering an amendment to the digital economy which will return to the floor of the Commons next week. free on public transport is not just a better service for passengers but improves productivity and supports business as well. Trains to get free at cost of Read third of the major rail franchises still do not provide free and the standard specification is only 1 per which will be very even for some basic activity such as downloading an email with an attachment. the huge profits made by the private train the government should be pushing them to go is also preparing an amendment to the bus services which would force bus operators to provide free goes for trains should go for the rest of our public transport network she spokesman are investing record amounts in our railways to improve journeys and expect that of all trains will have access to by the end of with virtually by 
In the artist Mark spent the summer in He was 24 and looking for but he found play specifically at the front doorstep of the Zap which essentially kicked off his art career. literally walked into this rave where it was full of dry says on the phone from where he opened an exhibition on guy just loomed out of the dry ice with this smiley face mask on. I here we Mark became the artist of the generation Read there was ever an artist who uses pop music as the altar of got to be who won the Turner Prize in 2008. The title of his new show Containers and Their Drivers is probably the first museum exhibition ever to be named after a song by legends the his first US may seem like an art world superstar he showed with in 1990 at New Contemporaries is collected in the and the and is even married to the head of programs at Serpentine But not to categorize him. The song Containers and Their Drivers is about the shipping which resonates with the setup of exhibition. in the show is a kind of a sound objects that contain he said. Twitter art world is cautious with the word a what container does fit This show is basically a but he gets a different label. art world is cautious with the word a he with a chuckle. not wholly convinced yet that around for keeps. You get a retrospective until everyone is absolutely certain. There been full his introduction to the Zap marked foray into rave it stop there. were in warehouse illegal things you do now in he memories are now immortalized in a 1999 video collage called Made Me after the clothing popular with the obsessed a euphoric and strangely poignant work which stitches together footage of dancing from the days of Northern Soul in the to the raves of the Looking back on this fine showcase of there may be countless rave compilations on but he made it in a time before social media. was in its early said email I would write people and request tapes and get them converted from analogue to digital. It was a involved everything became precious and special. It became more about video than Twitter Cheesy a the the cartoon character who often pops up in work Made Me Hardcore celebrates the era of electronic music made on cheap equipment in raves in warehouses and the joy of a young generation seizing upon new technologies to express themselves through dance. same happened to me with said was only when I was able to make and edit video at home on a computer that I started making art of there were the the first explosion of acid house in 1988 by the widespread availability of ecstasy legend has made the football casuals who would fight the supporters of rivals teams on the terraces start hugging and dancing with them in the clubs. is a diminishing attempt to find the experience of ecstasy not the drug but through other says the part of the reason to make that moment of psychedelic love of sound is personified in his Sound System sculptures from 2001 to as has built five functioning sound systems which spew out intermittent sounds and songs in the gallery from to gurgling stomach adds I have a huge library of found sounds and I throw them on the speaker systems to see what works conceptually and he said. knew they had this quality of being both sculptural and Twitter Another view of the a there are things I the most piece in the show is a expanded presentation of his 2015 short film Dream Kid a sort of autobiography told through props that play out personal memories and like clips of a housewife trying videos by the and a documentary on did it to exorcise stuff that was lingering too long inside of said a there are things I resolved and am trying to a full circle from the challenging time he had in art a place he went to meet people but ended up getting ensnared in the academic concepts. After reading and he got militant about critical I became a little in terms of critical theory policing everyone After taking a break from started making work about his life. make things that mattered to me with my immediate why I made work relating to he is still a fan of happy the dance music which hundreds of club nights. he divulging the contents of his Frozen musical soundtrack meets happy hardcore from 1992 are the two biggest influences in my has dabbled with making his own music in the past and will soon return to his home studio. I go back to I will make more music he says. think music works best when why I like I want to make stupid music where not reacting to immediately in front of you and trying to do it quickly. Fast of Modern 
want to be doing this for the next 20 or 30 can pinpoint exactly when my life turned around. It was four years ago when I was in a queue at a bank and a woman tapped me on the shoulder and asked if I would be involved in a photo shoot for White Hot a shampoo company for hair. I sure but I ended up ringing them and little did I know it would be a get paid for it but it was a great afternoon with about 10 other women. At the end of the day I thought that was the end of that. Then about six months the company emailed me asking if I would be the poster girl for their big campaign. It was paid. I now talking. I took the day off from my job I worked for a company for students to come over on school trips and went to the studio. Some models are 85 one of the young campaign was everywhere and from then the work just rolled in. I ended up being represented by an agency. Things when I was featured in Sports I was the oldest woman to appear in a swimsuit in it. everything went mad. I was on shows in the then all over the media here in the It led to more work. My children think been so much fun. just a giggle today I was doing a shoot and could barely do it for laughing. not like a job. There are of course I sometimes have to get up at and catch a flight at and can be all but not going to moan. I want to be doing this for the next 20 or 30 years. Some of the models are there are people like around. what I aspire to. one of the young doing what I should have been doing for in Witches A Century of Murder. Channel always had a desire to be an actor. Instead I had a portfolio career I was a teacher and a tour but every five years or so that deep desire would run through me. At I rang up a couple of drama schools to about studying and they told me not to bother I was too old. I ended up becoming an which certainly a way in to acting. just like the furniture. But this feeling go away. It was kicked over the edge when I went to see Henry VI Parts 2 and 3 all in one day. I came out in tears I just thought I have to do this. I found a drama course on a run by a wonderful guy called and he gave me the confidence to believe I could become an actor. With his I went on to drama school for two years in The teachers were incredible. We performed in a play at the end of every term and then in the second year we did fringe I loved the soon as I I found an agent and the next thing I was touring with a group in and and cast as the nurse in Romeo and at a festival play. also played witches in a documentary for Channel 5. about to head to to play a woman who has dementia. so fulfilled now. doing what I should have been doing for years. I wish done it a long time but then in your twenties I hear it can be as so many women are competing. I was far too vulnerable then. not making big bucks but over half my work last year was through acting still a tour guide when not acting. I work for free. going to keep my dream is to work with the Royal I how to hula Twitter job came out of my says John AKA The Hoop Guy. John was in my when I was made redundant from my which often involved staying in lots of hotels and delayed flights. It was so tiring been thinking that I go on doing this much longer but it was 2008 when the recession hit and I well what chance have I got of getting another job I certainly want to retire. So my next job sort of came out of my hobby. in my late and need a new career but Read to juggle at 41 and soon afterwards I started a local juggling club. The following year I to ride the unicycle and walk on stilts. At I how to hula hoop. actually been running adult hula hoop classes the year before I lost my job. So when I was made I became and my hobby became my work. I began visiting schools teaching kids how to hula hoop. The kids love it and good exercise for them. also an entertainer. always booked up over the so far booked to dress up as on stilts and an elf on stints. I earn a lot less than I used to but paid to have fun. 63 now. I hope to still be doing this at for a Browse Guardian Jobs or sign up to Guardian Careers for the latest job vacancies and career 
time to selflessly step forward and proffer your recommendations on the have until on 7 to post your nomination and make your justification. Regular contributor who posts in the comments as will select from your recommendations and produce a to be published on 10 is a list of all songs previously picked and therefore ineligible for the you want to volunteer to compile a from suggestions and potentially about the for the Guardian please email with the subject line or make yourself known in the a reminder of the guidelines for us why a worthy lyrics if but for copyright reasons no more than a third of a words. If sharing make sure there is appropriate copyright to others suggestions and add yours to a collaborative you have a good or if like to volunteer to compile a from please email a wealth of data on including the songs that are at the It also tells you the meaning of for a previous so and other strange words used by regulars also congregate at the 
at festival review he makes funny seem easy Read inside a former Spearmint Rhino that has been converted into a cavernous series of cushioned rooms. dark and extraordinarily with walls crumbling like a republic sex club. is reclining on a wearing an enormous fur coat and blue suede shoes. I feel as if been granted an audience with He offers me a beer. It is one of the young working has agreed to show me around the city where he still lives. been expecting maybe the Sea Life and some in has planned a degenerate pub crawl that will last many become and eventually ruin my body. you headline this article Fucked Up The something wrong with he announces. Twitter not the only one struggling to keep up with Ever since he won the 2009 Chortle student comedy he has not let the grass grow. a regular fixture on shows such as 8 Out Of 10 Never Mind The and Live At The releasing a brilliantly titled The and currently piloting a nightly for soon to grace the establishment pinnacle of the Royal Variety yet his act is deceptively subversive. He elevates pettiness to the level of absurd a story of his overturning a parking ticket through a series of bizarre letters went viral after he recounted it on 8 Out Of 10 Cats Does Countdown last year. a witty rebel with a series of very small causes and now written a book about them. Buttered is a guide on how to modern one email at a with chapters on how to stop how to use as a and how to sell fake celebrity stories to a newspaper. celebrity of choice is host of The One Show. tried to sell many stories about bids to host 2026 Commonwealth Games Read move to The Railway one of the few holdouts from the gentrification sweeping The goodwill that accompanies the comedian is as with most places we the barmen ask for clambers on to the spreading his legs. soon joined by a couple of his friends. is a local fixer who resembles a young the other is actual MP Jess They met recently at The an awards show celebrating the pride of and are now firm friends. teases as she tries to explain the implications of a hard or soft gonna do I want it hard or not at he jokes. in her own is hoping for a tender want to spoon the right shoots continue their double act in The where to have spent his childhood. We order rounds of cocktails. is on as going back to between appointments campaigning for justice for the Six. bombed in a few pubs in my including this quips who used to test early sets in the room above. indicative of the edgy material he can get away with. Affable and vocally reminiscent of his comedy is more interested in suave rather than offensive trolling. Not that uncritical of the charisma affords. say but uneasy with that word. Crisp is the ability to influence without which is has to go back to doing MP things and disappears. So a discussion springs up as to which local institution should be our next destination. Suggestions include Original Patty which serves a burger fried inside a the Coffin Works or Walk Of Stars. on Villa in the concept of the and Twitter Will for the can it become the for Read settles on another watering possibly the strangest ever seen. in is a nearly empty antiques warehouse gallery cum bar with a deli fridge in the and an strides over a red carpet to inspect the wares. A lamp depicting on sale for A stool with real legs. An enormous silver next to a pram of creepy dolls. like someone tried to recreate but ran out of money. orders an spicy cocktail garnished with a massive something in a jam jar with thyme poking out of and a beer. He sits beside two assembling a gingerbread house we have with us for some reason. a strange charm in the tackiness of the place. thing about no one spends their evening looking over your shoulder that Nick and wondering if a better night they could be on. Because there time with occasionally feels like being in the West Midlands A man called Tommy Corners turns offering to drive us to the Kings Heath side of town. called someone because during the he found you could put all sorts of bets on the number of corners won in and now he full of says Corners as we clamber into the back pushing aside a job lot of aftershaves. He seem to be inviting any more questions on the so off we go. has a habit of picking up followers. Does he ever spend time alone to not sure if an introvert or extrovert. I love being around but sometimes I do need to go off and passed so many career domination was never the he says. exceeded my own now I just want to keep things By he seems to mean trying to get chucked out of his local now at the Actress where is urging me to the The pump is full of and has been clad in ice as a promotional gimmick. Having got in trouble a few weeks ago for partially the machine by inadvertently resting his hand on chief ambition is now to finish the job. The rebellious mood is infectious. Young rests a hot hand on the icy pump and attempts to order drinks. The manager assures him get nothing unless he moves his hand. They stare at each other. coming back here with miniature promises a gleeful as we leave the premises. Twitter and drink up. Will for the late. We make our way to the Hare Hounds. A plaque informs us that this was the site of first as good a recommendation as any. We knock back a shot of tequila followed by a shot of which is a revelation. At this we founding saxophonist with is actually drinking at the bar. Has he been here since a fan of not being but you are a funny hails him. And full of advice for the rising star. know how long it takes to become an overnight Fifteen people have joined us. Jess has and is explaining trade tariffs using pint glasses and salt cellars. like Tony with a instead of a pipe. from is still dispensing while contemplates religion. say we live on through the family and friends who remember he says. rather live on through my and which are available I am profoundly drunk and my phone is dead. time to go home. get you an says want to get stuck at unless there for an trust love always remember says in parting. In the the driver asks me to confirm my name. I wondering whether illegal to impersonate an MP. As we speed I miss the mayhem. Like his I want more time with this urbane rascal. To be vicariously fun. I later has passed still wearing his fur Recalling his thoughts on the classy double suddenly becomes if up the with there really a better night 
In when the Gender Identity Development Service at Clinic it received two referrals in its first year of operation. As current director of the it was considered a option for a clinical psychologist to in the field of gender identity in young people there enough patients. That is not how it has turned out. Last 1,400 children under 18 were referred to double the number the year before. Of these nearly 300 were under the age of with some as young as three years reasons for this exponential increase are obviously complex. One factor seems to be a huge shift in awareness of individuals in wider culture. The attention paid to in and a Carter playing a role in the historic tragedy of the story told in and the many public controversies about respect for trans rights have all informed this awareness. It is never just a phase. if these kids do go through self has helped to open up a space for greater acceptance and particularly in but also for highly emotive and debate about how best to help young people who believe they need to transition. At the sharpest end of this debate are the parents whose children are identifying themselves as well before and sometimes living outwardly as the other sex. These children and their parents are more aware than ever that there are choices available to them to correct what they believe to be the error in their bodies. It can seem these choices are the ultimate but the decisions parents have to make about intervening in their biology are anything but couple of weeks ago I sat in on a conference by a charitable support group for parents of children who identify as trans. The charity has been much in the news in recent in part because it has featured in the widely reported custody battle heard at the High Court that involved a boy of seven allowed to live as a because his mother had become convinced those were his wishes. The judge in the Justice ruled that the boy should live with his and that the mother caused significant emotional harm to her son in her active determination that he should be a Mermaids had supported the mother in her belief that her son identified as for two years and described the ruling as a injustice and which had been for the another case it was reported that a family was taking legal action against a local authority for backing their adoption of a name as a step towards changing her gender. The mother of the girl said she believed her daughter was too young to make her own decision. rights of parents in the are being she those who have traditional values. It is leaving parents to feel vulnerable and Twitter aged started asking his mum questions about gender at the age of six. at S Management. Digital Art Bell S went along to the Mermaids conference in part to try to make sense of some of these issues for myself. It seems to me unquestionably a wonderful thing that young people faced with some of the trauma of these feelings about who they are can find tolerant space in which to experiment with different expressions of their gender and be protected in law from discrimination. But as a I find it hard to get rid of the feeling that the more choices you give to younger the more they are likely to adopt them for a variety of psychological reasons. Is a or an or a or a really able to make informed enough decisions about the consequences of a complete shift in their gender involving deed poll name change and living Are we formed in our gender identities before puberty or by And can the psychological consequences of these decisions possibly be Mermaids conference was addressed by a endocrinologist at the Hospital in and the guiding light of the charity. is an evangelist for what some parents of children see as a revolution in the medical treatment of their kids. He sees gender through the lens of his own specialism hormones and has devoted his working life to having other people view this question in the same way. He dislikes the term reassign a he just acknowledge what it really is and fix At one point in his led his audience in an impromptu rendition of Times They are in of Bob Prize but also to highlight the generational shift in attitudes toward gender identity that we are congressmen please heed the a battle outside These kids are desperate. they have a bath or shower and that of most of his the times are not changing nearly fast enough for some children. is a advocate for early medical intervention in gender identity cases. He proposes following the model inspired by clinics in the in which children identifying as are routinely given drugs after the onset of and then move on to high doses of hormones to change their and then later perhaps consider surgery. The most controversial part of this protocol is the age at which children are given the the effects of which can be irreversible and may lead to a loss of fertility. The guidelines currently state that no children be given this hormone treatment until they are around 16. sees the age as and often cruel. he an arena of enormous this kind of certainty is seductive. Looking around the room at the attended by many parents faced with these you can sense heartfelt relief among some that there is an to their anxieties. As someone not faced with these that relief seems open to the supplementary question of how a parent or child can honestly be certain this is what they want before the child has reached has no doubts. Genuine gender is easily he believes. It is never just a or a box. kids miss an opportunity to is who I he argues. have a fantasy that they are going to get the puberty they not the one they are programmed for. Tomboys have boys who seem a bit feminine have that. If these kids do go through self he up to die prematurely of including addiction and suicide. he put 200 on to hormone blockers at the onset of puberty. Of have gone on to take hormones because one changes their At which I no Twitter reassign a we just acknowledge what it is and fix patients is a young whose is the of Mermaids. had a desperate time in her teens attempting to kill herself seven times as her male hormones threatened to give her an identity she and her parents looked anywhere for help. Frustrated by what they saw as the slow process of the which has a perceived on referrals in England and Green contacted and took her daughter to his clinic in So outwardly successful was his treatment that was subsequently a finalist in the Miss England beauty Mermaids parents addressed the room with unhappier stories. Several particularly for its rigid rule against giving children the hormone before and for the waiting times for a consultation at the Some parents had gone down the route of for their buying blockers and hormones from or over the for fear they would miss the when transition was possible. Some turned to a in who has a controversial private practice to address this sudden need. Once you then you only look for medical made headlines in the summer for sex hormones to a She came to the stage at the Mermaids conference tearful along with most of the room about some of the stories she had just heard particular that of a trans girl who had been through only to be made the when she I spoke to after her which had ended with her embracing Her clinic has been running for nearly two years. It started with a just to see what the response would be. She was immediately overwhelmed with emails and letters. people are so she they spend a lot of time on the I think that is how it snowballed. At long last there was a doctor willing to has had 500 young 50 of whom have on to She has 3,500 adult patients. Most of her consultation is through and though she has a meeting with children and their parents before prescribing drugs. She shares sense of urgent is but that mean it is is dismayed by the fact that her work has been subject of criticism from senior psychiatrists at the flagship hospital for provision at Charing Cross. She is due to meet though the service she offers is not through the who go on to treatment pay a flat fee and then per month for her consultative want to try to stop me from what I am doing because it is embarrassing for she says. do put my career on the line to do this. But these kids are desperate. They have a bath or a shower naked. They will change their pants in the dark. They want a puberty blocker so they grow or so their voices break. And then you have to wait your 18 weeks to get to the or Twitter and know the outcomes of these I am talking to it is hard not to get caught up in her passion for her her conviction that she is doing her best by the families who come to her. When I come doubts resurface. Can these kinds of psychological diagnoses really be so clear that you can base them on I subsequently speak to and members of her multidisciplinary team at the it is clear they do not share the conviction that diagnosis for children can be so straightforward. says that because the treatment pathway identified by is relatively honestly know in you know the outcomes of these The only proper longitudinal study has been from the Dutch clinics which pioneered this but even that is based on a mixed cohort of children at different stages of puberty who were given the blocker. The is soon to begin publishing its own research into a more group of children who have been given hormone blockers starting in 2011. have to move forward on the evidence base while respecting that individuals will have very strong beliefs in what is right and approach itself is too radical for some. After a long period of assessment and it moves a proportion of its young patients on to blockers and some on to hormones at 16 to ever think of gender only as something to be by hormone treatment is really of the complexities of identity and once you have done you look only for medical The offers a team that includes endocrinologists as well as family psychiatrists and others. Twitter Onward Poppy went back to school this using her new name. S the spike in the clinic is finding different patterns in the young people they see. While the younger children often presenting in a binary thinking that their only solution is a change of hormones and a change of sex very young come armed with ideas not only about what surgery they need but which surgeons they would like to perform older teenagers are often thinking a more diverse about their identity and the fluidity of their and can be supported to explore expressions of who they are that for some may not involve medical are trying to treat whole young she says. example we have had a couple of young people who after a lot of decided to reject a binary approach because they want to preserve their fertility. This is not to say that their identification has just that they have chosen to retaining fertility over achieving a more consistently male or female physical is caught between entrenched voices on the one believe hormone treatment of children misguided in any case on the see it as the only way forward. She courageously it seems to to defend the complexities of the middle ground. start to think if you have these feelings at a certain age then this is the only path to she say. that the case. Every young person who comes to us has different fact is reinforced by the two mothers through the Mermaids have spoken to this feature and whose stories appear on these pages. Some readers will find the acceptance of their determination to choose their gender identity as a cause for others will retain doubts that these questions can be resolved with the kind of clarity that and express in relation to their Such complexities will be further no in the reaction to a Channel 4 documentary that will air later this the first time a broadcaster has been allowed access to the work of The one of three on the examines the lives of two children attending the clinic for assessment. it is impossible not to with the unbelievably hard choices faced on all sides. But to believe that with the right there are now ways forward for these children that even a generation ago would have been hard to transitioned from female to male in is mum to 9 Twitter I that Josh might not just be a tomboy when he was six and his teacher said he quite know his place in the world. I believe in being honest with my children so when Josh started asking me last year if there were operations where women could cut off their boobs I said but told him it was very painful and difficult. I was hoping to put him off the but he carried on asking the referred us to the clinic. glad in the system now as when Josh starts puberty hopefully there will be hormone blockers available if he wants to use them. You discipline this out of a child. not them being was at the end of last during the that Josh asked me if he could start using another name instead of his the first few months after his transition I told Josh repeatedly he could go back to being any time he but never shown the desire to change his first his became quite challenging. He could be awkward and but I think he was just testing the boundaries of his new identity. When he all the normal rules still he settled down. I think now that more confident since his transition at first he was very worried he would never be a proper but I tried to keep reassuring him that much more about how you present yourself than in your has been very supportive the other children simply accept that a boy. The practicalities have been harder. I still and then have to correct myself to and getting used to male pronouns has been too. I do worry about the future and that the road going down is only going to get but wanting to change gender something you can discipline out of a child not them being naughty or something deep inside. transitioned from male to female in 2015 is mum to 9 Twitter When Poppy was five she saved up her pocket money to buy a which she loved. We enrolled her into a drama club as it was a safe place for her to be able to dress up how she wanted and express but as she grew older it became increasingly difficult to treat her as a when she was clearly a grew her hair longer and adopted a feminine voice. I know whether I should be correcting the checkout assistant who told daughter is so my older came out as gay when she was and I the same signs in the stress of not being able to live as who you really are. She would drop coins into the well at the bottom of our garden and wish to become a and by the time she was seven she started telling me she was in the wrong body. She would drop coins into the well in the garden and wish to be a was no question of me not letting her do this it was simply what had to happen. As a parent I can put my foot down and you wear your sandals in the but I put my foot down and not allow my child to be herself. I did lots of research and the and suicide rates for young people who are trans and unsupported at home are frighteningly so all we could do was be led by her and support her in becoming a happy and confident went back to school this year as a using her new name. The change was remarkable her confidence blossomed and her school work has improved. The school asked speakers from supporting young trans people to come in and talk to staff and pupils about what was happening. It has taken her dad time to get his head around it. He was brought up as a in But he gave me a daughter and I love My main fear now is that if we get medical support start puberty as a boy. I think that would be intolerable for wrote a story recently where she compared her transition to a trapped bird being set free and finally learning to sing. Kids on the 
Contribute your chance to be crowned Guardian home cook of the share your drinks nibbles recipes with us. Email upload them via the buttons here or post them on by noon on 30 Selected recipes will appear in Cook and on 10 can share your drinks nibbles recipes by clicking on the button on this article. You can also use the Guardian and search for is the home of content on the Guardian. Contribute your pictures and and browse reviews and creations submitted by others. Posts will be reviewed prior to 
THERE is a group of 10 friends in all all in their all white. college educated with successful and they have a message for The New Come visit us. They voted for Trump and consider themselves racist or But they thanks to The Times and its fixation on most extreme most people think they are. They would like a chance to show and one of wrote my office to extend the invitation. Since the I have been on the phone with many Times readers around the including to discuss their concerns about The coverage of the presidential election. The number of complaints coming into the public office is five times the normal and the pace has only just recently tapered off. My colleague who oversees the letters to the says the influx from readers is one of the largest since Sept. 11. Many people are commenting on the but many are venting about The coverage. Readers are also taking to the comments section of Times articles to talk about says the community Others are calling into customer care at multiple times the usual rate. They have a variety of including the election coverage. Last J. Trump jumped tweeting that The Times had lost thousands of subscribers since the election. The paper says quite the opposite is the It reports having the largest subscription increase since the first week of the digital pay in 2011. I assume that The Times has more accurate data than Trump. But I hope any chest thumping about the impressive subscriber bump obscure a look at coverage. Because from my conversations with and from the emails that have come into my I can tell you there is a searing level of dissatisfaction out there with many aspects of the coverage. Readers complain heatedly and repeatedly about the forecasting odometer from The Upshot that was anchored on the home page and predicted that had an 80 percent chance or better of winning. They complain that The attempt to tap the sentiments of Trump supporters was lacking. And they complain about the liberal tint The Times applies to its without awareness that it does. Few could deny that if more moderate supporters are feeling bruised right the blame lies partly with their candidate and his penchant for inflammatory rhetoric. But the media is at fault for turning his remarks into a grim caricature that it applied to those who backed him. What struck me is how many liberal voters I spoke with felt too. They were they want a news source that fairly covers people across the spectrum. of says he want to be opinions that The Times thinks he should and he want his primary news source to stereotype half the country as racists. judge Black Lives Matters by its most extremist and we judge Trump followers by told me. The national desk of The Times has correspondents around the and they filed a steady stream of compelling stories from voters between coastal And yet between the horse race and the campaign much of their work was simply drowned out. That left many of the readers I spoke with feeling like The Times was a swirl of and other readers said The liberalism sounds the loudest the closer you get to the Opinion perhaps not surprisingly. too many of the of both the regular columnists and even guest are from people with similar views. read The Times for 50 and tired of the old said of Great Mass. He said welcome some fresher voices. of Silver raises a different issue. She supported Sanders in the primary. But she told me she saw evidence early on that The Times believed would win the nomination and kept pushing that scenario. It anticipated an and it stuck with it. Sanders would have a they would cast it in terms of what it meant for said. was the same approach through the In her editors and reporters developed a story and the only perspective they presented. expect more from The she said. The executive Dean and its sent an extraordinary letter to subscribers that was in part an attempt to assure readers there was some going on in the newsroom about its coverage. It included a vow to ourselves to the fundamental mission of Times journalism. That is to report and the world without fear or striving always to understand and reflect all political perspectives and life But they also used the occasion to congratulate themselves on their agile and creative coverage on election and they praised their journalism as fair to both candidates and unflinching in its scrutiny. I suspect that gesture soothed some but many others were expecting more of an apology. And some were repelled by what they described as a tone and what several viewed as a lack of sincerity. Eve an obstetrician in New saw the letter through the lens of her own profession. medicine when something goes we did we get this What should we do We break it down to its very basic she said. would have preferred a real she and some sense that The Times was looking inward. WHAT struck me most as I spoke with readers is how to a they had something to say that was smart and reasonable. They randomly selected I chose them from an of complaints but they had reactions that were well worth hearing. I found myself wishing someone from the newsroom was on the line with especially to hear how many of the more liberal voters wanted more balanced coverage. Not an echo chamber of liberal but an honest reflection of reality. I also hope someone will pay a visit to and her friends in North welcome a chance to reflect back on The coverage from a living room full of Trump backers. and her husband considered canceling their subscription to The but holding off for now. give The Times a she said. hope you guys will give people like us a chance too. time to lay down our
was out of town at a conference on information technology in 2015 when he was struck with terrible abdominal pain. He tried to go to an urgent care center and called several local doctors. No one could see him. So he headed to the nearest emergency room. On the he called his insurance company to make sure the visit would be covered. Once he got to the Palms of Hospital emergency a doctor gave him some medication and and let him go. A month feeling better and back at home in Baton received an bill from the doctor who treated him for really makes me and kind of breaks my he said. When people go to the emergency they are often stunned to discover that doctors who treated them are not employed by the hospital and bill their insurance company separately. These doctors negotiate separate deals with insurance companies for payment. If the doctor and the insurance company never strike a the visit is billed at much higher rates. While the insurance company sometimes pays the higher unlucky patients like can be caught in the crossfire. They receive care and have no idea what it will end up costing them. New research published in The New England Journal of Medicine on found that more than one in five patients visiting the emergency room may face the same financial shock. The study looked at billing data from one large national insurer and found that 22 percent of the patients who went to a hospital covered by their plan still received a bill from a doctor who was not in the insurance network. The average such bill cost more than though there was a wide the highest was for more than This is not the first time researchers have examined surprise medical but the broadest analysis to date of the problem nationwide. The study found wide variation across the country over the likelihood that someone would get a surprise medical bill. In for the rates of surprise billing were 89 compared with where it was near zero. Once patients get to the emergency they have little choice over who treats them. put it in very blunt This is the health equivalent of a said an assistant professor of health policy and economics at and a of the paper. Cooper argues that the problem could be solved by which could make the visit a package that includes both the doctor and hospital. Consumer and scholars like see the surprise bill as unfair. nearly impossible for patients to uncover the contract arrangements of individual physicians once they walk into an emergency room or are brought by ambulance. by and not aware that playing that type of financial said Chuck the programs director at Consumers an advocacy group that has been urging states and Congress to help solve the problem. follow the and they go to the and then just like a Several states have passed legislation aimed at tackling the including New and where a law recently went into effect. But the state laws affect only a fraction of insurance customers. Insurance offered by large like is regulated under federal law. And most of the laws work by setting up a dispute resolution system for which means they need to know they can go to state authorities to fight a big bill. Congressman a Democrat from introduced legislation last year to tackle the practice but he said he experienced healthy dose of from his colleagues on the Ways and Means committee. had heard complaints of surprise bills from and it turns out that the new study found that is a hot spot for the practice. said he would introduce the legislation again next year. think that got to be a way to get consumers out of this he said. President included proposals to limit emergency room bills in his budget and recent regulations have made it more difficult for doctors to collect certain though those rules are being fought in court by physicians. The acting administrator for the Centers for and Services has said that surprise bills are a policy priority for him. The data in the study come from one large commercial but the researchers agreed not to name it in exchange for access. Cooper said there was only a little difference in the share of surprise bills in places where the insurance company had a lot of compared with those where it did less business. Emergency room doctors criticized the findings and were quick to blame the insurers. The College of Emergency the medical society that represents the said patients are much less likely to face large unexpected bills than the study citing an analysis the group did in of patients who were or asked to make up the difference between what the insurer pays and what the doctor bills. balance bills are less than a couple of hundred on said the president. She said that most doctors want to be included in networks but that they are not being offered reasonable fees. is insurance company bad said whose group this week put out a parody video that accuses the insurers of paying too little for their work. Insurance companies like to blame the arguing that while they can reach a deal with the there are many doctors who refuse to be part of the network they offer under a plan. And the insurers argue hospitals have a responsibility to make sure the outside doctors they use to staff their emergency rooms sign contracts with the same health plans they do. would go a long way to reduce and prevent consumers from receiving a big surprise balance a spokeswoman for Health Insurance a trade said in an email. The new authors agree. When received his he tried appealing the charge to his insurance company. understand that you went to a preferred provider facility and did not have a choice of the emergency room physician who treated his insurer wrote back but denied the claim. Then he went to the private practice that had sent him the bill. It was willing to negotiate. knocked off half the he said. is great. would you rather get punched four times or two I guess two times is
This garden used to be a tipping ground. For years I thought about using it to grow fruit and veg for my come here and dream about it. Everyone said it was a good idea but how to get the soil That was the was so much we had to get a digger to create a level to work on top of. I then added God knows how many hundreds of tonnes of topsoil. I know anything about growing or and lots of people have helped. Roger from the local garden showed me how to plan the while another Roger gave me lots of tomato horse muck and so much information. The an angel. My landlady loved the idea that I could do this with the land and let me have it for free. Then she sent her son down in his school breaks to help with the digging. Even the local gave us a load of pallets she dragged them all the way up here means a lot to me as does gardening. life. got three but one of passed away. She came into our lives for 10 months and we cherished that. She is one of the reasons I started this grow salad runner coriander and cauliflowers. This year I grew lots of which use in mixed the leaves I cook as spinach in dishes with prawns or and my grew my first apple tree when I was Read got a huge area for my chillies. I stick manure at the bottom of the bed and give them a seaweed feed every two weeks. I normally get four flushes of chillies over the growing season. I grow loads of different including a green from I know its name but hot. I use it as my main base for were finalists for the Curry Awards last year and they told me what doing is unique. the investment at the beginning but it will save me money. You could have a beautiful restaurant with chandeliers but the point if you have good For me about the quality of the produce and knowing it from the beginning to the end. I want it to be the Just being here with family and friends popping in for a chat is How does your garden Email does your garden 
I ordered a from When it was delivered the drivers tried to lift it but in doing so knocked a hole in my hall going through the plasterboard. They and told me to contact to settle the repair bill. I asked the drivers to leave the downstairs and said I would get my husband and father to move it. But when we removed the packaging we discovered it was torn in the corner and covered in white plasterboard residue. I asked to collect the item but was told it could not do so for seven days. I have two small children and the took up my whole living so that was not an option. It also advised that it would not process a refund until the was collected. Therefore I have the money to order a replacement elsewhere. We took the first collection date could with my husband a job to be at but no one arrived. When we called it said no collection had been booked. Not only could we still not get the we had lost a was eventually collected and I emailed to claim back the cost of the repair. It advised us to send two quotes for the which it would review. But before we could send the quotes we received an email saying would no longer accept liability as the delivery drivers denied that any damage was caused. told us that it was satisfied with an investigation by its incident management team that concluded that the drivers did not cause any damage to your wall. So this boils down to your word against even if you did take and submit photographs as evidence essential in situations like the company has contacted you again and for any even if it is still not accepting any liability for the alleged has refunded you the full amount for the and tells have contacted directly and for the inconvenience. A gesture of goodwill has been which she has should hopefully cover your repair bill. you should have captured the damage event on welcome letters but cannot answer individually. Email us at or write to Consumer the 90 Please include a daytime phone 
A union has set up a for workers to report instances of as part of a effort to raise awareness of a certain kind of condescending elocution that men use to explain to women things they already understand. not all men who do of but a certain kind of man. You know He is probably getting ready to this article to you. The which is temporary and open to men and was set up by a trade union that represents about 600,000 employees in and describes itself as the largest union in the world. objective is to contribute to awareness and start a discussion which we hope will be the first step in changing the way we treat each other and talk about each other in the a union said in an email on important to create awareness about how seemingly small things that we do or say add up to a larger Between 10 and 4 every day this members are being encouraged to phone the to talk about in their working lives. The calls will be answered by 20 men and who are gender academics and others. most important thing when we consulted these people is that they have knowledge and interest in the Ms. said. women and men carrying valuable experience for such a type of So Ms. callers have asked for advice on speaking up when they feel run over by male and on how to help female colleagues who are being ignored by men in their working groups. Others have asked how to address clients or colleagues who address only the male employees even when a woman is in charge and how to address men who get credit for a work. The term a portmanteau of and entered popular usage after the author and historian published a 2008 essay titled Explain Things to She described attending a party at which a man insisted on explaining to her a important he had heard about and did not immediately seem to absorb that she had written the book. With a knowing roll of the eyes and a deep women and some men recognized the experience Ms. and a new word was born. Just this a man wrote to the advice columnist to complain that she had misused the term in her response to an earlier letter. She replied that his letter contained almost magical complained that I had misused the word but you are the only person to while doing And last the word was featured as an answer on correct response was given by a male for the in has prompted a strong reaction. The Independent newspaper reported that page had been inundated with negative from intention has never been to point fingers or blame all our intention has simply been to spark an interest and start a debate at our work places and in Ms. said. She added that the debate had been and course regretful if someone feels But the union says it hopes the raises awareness of gender discrimination in the workplace in doing perhaps helps to alleviate it. not all men subject all women to all of the wrote Peter one of the gender experts who will be manning the phone lines. would be an absurd assertion and not based in reality. enough women are subjected to it by enough men for it to be a problem that warrants being discussed and
Imagine being at Live on the night Trump was elected president of the United States. just been on the panel with your mates and crowing about how you saw victory and how the media elite that those bits of the media that perpetually employ you to rail against the because of their faith in silly things like you were very right. even. With the same bold instinct for ignoring the data that led your candidate to reject climate change as a been predicting for months that Trump would win. You felt this vindicated since that brief period in between Tony winning office and his poll numbers heading dramatically been mates of Trump share his finest hour Read in the day you held a party for and it turned out to be a victory party. In states like and the working class on whose behalf perpetually willing to speak fought back against the party that claimed to represent that made it a day for for revenge against all the in places like with the obvious exception of The where the only permissible coffee is instant and not International which sounds like something made by the of and her elite the world will now be run by a billionaire who lives in a golden skyscraper. Instead of a corrupt president who used to charge rich people millions for delivering the US will be governed by a man who charged poor people thousands for bogus university courses and who has also charged rich people millions for delivering speeches. Instead of the first black president being replaced by the first got the 44th white guy. And you called means that political correctness is dead. The days of white guys having to put up with at least one woman or person of or a woman of on a panel alongside them are finished. The braying of those who attacks on that of the Year who lost her son will be silenced at Trump has proved that saying outrageous things make you a it makes you a winner. It means that in touch with the or at least those of them who live in electorally useful states. Surely have lost that election if it had been held in Maybe he should run media elite has tried to silence no question. Dean been invited onto since What you need is a show of your to give people like but specifically a permanent voice. Instead of being subjected to the tyranny of the elite bookers of PM The Bolt Co and The some of which even invite you on every single you need a show of your elite be welcome on that for sure. just be you and your ordinary with ordinary backgrounds like the federal government and Review and Spectator. only question is what to call the show. those sneering at the have where prominent media commentators mouth off about politics. Your show will be the because on other prominent media commentators will mouth off about politics. you and your mates are so systematically excluded from the media elite in this country that it takes you precisely one email to get your show up. could be close to a record for the fastest conception of a network news will tell the Oz has a required two conversations and one email and it took less than 24 how outsiders get it will go on to confirm his own exclusion from the establishment by boasting that be able to contact White House without needing to go through like the PM did. And your show will be exactly as balanced as cabinet thus far. no gender balance. all white. We believe in things like gender will say. And he certainly knows a bit about being politicians barracking for That's disturbing Read the Trump era and that means time to hear from the people whose voices are never heard unless you switch on a chat listen to talk or open a newspaper. Under it had gotten to the point where a white bloke even open his mouth anymore without someone who a white bloke disagreeing with him. Even Sky News now has a show called fronted by two white is why we need Outsiders. To tell it like it through the only perspective that that of a white media insider angry that a few lefties occasionally have the temerity to disagree with him. On nobody will be forced to hear a speech from the cast of Ever. You all agree that presidency will go brilliantly. Because what Outsiders will be agreement. Furious agreement. And in the Trump fury is all that ultimately 
The introduction of a winter break in football appears further away than ever after talks across the game over fixture congestion broke leaving the Football League and the Football Association at loggerheads over the had said at the start of the season it was taking the initiative by proposing a Whole Game Solution that would involve the expansion of the league to take in eight new clubs and a into four divisions of 20 teams. It proposed to consult on the plans with some of which were concerned about potential lost plans were designed to provoke a discussion with the Premier League and the FA that could ultimately lead to the introduction of a winter break. But on the abruptly abandoned its saying that the unwillingness to consider moving FA Cup matches to midweek in rounds four and five to free up more weekends had made the plan a result of the the board has been left with no option but to end the Whole Game Solution discussions in its current it is no longer viable. If the weekend slots are not then there is simply no way we can meet the financial conditions be no worse as outlined at the very the chief stance the FA has adopted has brought the discussions to a premature before fully understanding what the financial outcome from the creation of a new distribution model could FA recently announced a new overseas deal for the FA Cup that guarantees over that period and which the chief Martin said would be to the finances. As a condition of the deal it promised to keep FA Cup matches on but remains open to further negotiation over FA immediately hit saying it was still open to discussions over fixture congestion. emailed last week to say that he did not see in the highlighting the economic of weekend FA Cup ties. Insiders said it had never indicated that it might be willing to give up weekend FA Cup ties and were surprised by the sudden decision to abandon FA remains fully committed to working with the and the Premier League to address the issue of fixture congestion in the professional an FA spokesman said. is why we are trialling the removal of replays in the FA Cup this season and why we supported the in consulting on its innovative ideas for reform. That commitment talks over potential expansion stall due to disagreements with FA Read told the Observer this month that the weekend slots must stay sacrosanct but that he remained a solution could be found that would allow for the introduction of a winter break which could be to the benefit of both England and Premier League clubs in movement on the issue now appears dead in the with the convinced a winter break would be impossible without the FA giving ground on weekend FA Cup ties. It already faced a struggle to convince its own clubs of the merits of the which would have required a majority at the annual meeting next 
A woman who is suing Trump for allegedly raping her as a child abandoned a plan to speak publicly on citing death known by the pseudonym hid from media who were invited to her office for a press conference in which she was expected to reveal her her the event in a apologetic statement to a phalanx of lawyers given court date over lawsuit alleging rape of Read Doe has received numerous threats today as have all the Trump accusers that I have represented. She has decided she is too afraid to show her face. She has been here all ready to do but unfortunately she is in terrible fear. going to have to reschedule. I apologize to all of you who came. I have nothing earlier a prominent stoked such anticipation with the announced press conference that her website crashed. With just six days to the election and polls showing a tightening race the stakes could scarcely be anticlimax was the latest twist to the explosive and so far unsubstantiated claim that the Republican presidential nominee raped Doe in 1994 when she was 13 years has alleged the casino owner assaulted her on four occasions at parties in New hosted by the disgraced financier a friend of Trump whom she also accused of rape. A civil lawsuit is slated for an initial status conference in a New district court on 16 has vehemently denied the calling them fabrications designed to smear him in the to the 8 election. Doe filed a lawsuit in which was dismissed for technical filing errors. She filed fresh lawsuits in in New and The allegations have received less media attention than other claims of sexual assaults by Trump partly because they appeared to have been orchestrated by an eccentric campaigner with a record of making outlandish claims about Guardian investigation this summer found that Norm a former producer on the Jerry Springer has been associated in the past with a range of disputed claims involving the likes of and Rape lawsuits against Trump linked to former producer Read federal lawsuit alleged Trump sexually assaulted Doe in 1994 at home and at other parties hosted on the Upper East Side. an associate of the Prince and who was convicted of underage sex crimes in in has denied the a patent and intellectual property filed the lawsuit for Doe even though he said he had never been involved in a case of this kind Bloom coming on board Doe appeared until the press conference fiasco to have acquired considerable additional legal and media founder and owner of The Bloom which handles civil and criminal cases in and New has in the past sued the Boy Scouts of and the police department. Bloom hosts a Court and is a legal analyst for News. Twitter Lawyer representing the woman accusing speaks to media on 2 is the daughter of another prominent attorney who is representing three different women who accuse Trump of inappropriate sexual plus others who accuse Bill of a Post article in apparently before she took on Bloom said her allegations appeared credible given and well documented contempt for and abuse allegations made by his former wife and who detailed her accusations to the Guardian in has ordered counsel for Trump and to appear in his New district court along with legal team for an initial status conference on 16 That raises the extraordinary were Trump to win the of counsel for a US being called into federal court in proceedings relating to allegations of rape of an underage of Trump's alleged sexual when and what Read court order gives no details of the legal complaint raised by It instructs all parties in the case to set out in advance the nature of the allegations and the as well as any previous motions and discovery as well as the length of Guardian investigation in found that a publicist calling himself attempted to sell a videotape of Doe relating her allegations for It linked through a variety of means including shared email addresses and phone numbers to formerly of daytime was connected to a contentious raised in the 1998 documentary movie and that Love offered a fellow musician to murder her of Nirvana. Love denied the to the New was also behind a tabloid newspaper story that bought illicit drugs on the day his estranged wife Brown was the Guardian quizzed about his true the publicist be sue you if we like what you write. sue your own your ass and own your ass as and sexual elections 
An sports presenter named Miller has become the victim of meant for her whose high court case ensured the government will have to consult parliament before starting television who also works as a said she received a amount of following the high court verdict on Miller posted some of the tweets on her page which showed Twitter users suggesting that she leave the and that she lock her doors. One said that they planned to burn her effigy on bonfire night. She was also accused of ruining Miller to my new Wrong Miller. It's you want. Appreciate all the engaging though. huge development in the movement today led by.... Miller. the not me. Anyone who follows me knows in no way smart enough to challenge the she wrote on Miller told the even had an email. In the subject box it hope you I sincerely hope you get cancer and was absolutely 
called on the to explain its review of a new batch of emails the agency said appeared to be pertinent to the previous investigation into her use of a private Series trumps presidential election in two cities Read reporters on the Democratic presidential nominee said it was for voters to have all of the information with just 11 days remaining before the presidential people deserve to get the full and complete facts said during a press conference in imperative that the bureau explain this issue in whatever it without further are 11 days out from perhaps the most important national election of our announced the discovery of the new emails in a letter to which did not offer any specifics other than to disclose that federal investigators would review whether they contained classified connection with an unrelated the has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the wrote. agreed that the should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified as well as to assess their importance to our announced that the bureau had closed its investigation into emails and recommended prosecutors not seek charges in the case. But rebuked and her aides for the manner in which the emails were told reporters that she and her team had been given no advance warning and learned of the email investigation through news reports when letter was made public. But seeking to mitigate the political ramifications of the which was immediately seized upon by her Republican urged the to provide a clearer picture of its director noted that this new information may not be so get it adding she had not been contacted by the in relation to the matter. Even director noted that this new information may not be so get it law enforcement officials said the emails were discovered on a laptop shared by and his estranged a top aide to a former congressman from New has been the subject of an unrelated investigation after it was revealed he sent illicit messages and photos to an underage would not confirm the link to and who remains with her on the campaign heard these rumors. We know what to why it is incumbent upon the to tell us what talking about. Right now your guess is as good as and I think good made it very clear that if going to be sending this kind of letter that is only going originally to Republican members of the that they need to share whatever facts they claim to have with the she what I expect to The letter was sent to both Republican and Democratic leaders of relevant committees in Congress. Twitter Trump gleefully responds to new probe into letter sent by to his employees on and reported by the provided a glimpse into his thinking. The director said he an to inform Congress of the new based on his prior testimony before federal lawmakers that the investigation into emails was the same given that we know the significance of this newly discovered collection of I want to create a misleading has been dogged by questions over the use of her private email server since it was discovered weeks before she formally launched her presidential and polling suggests the controversy has damaged her image among voters. Just of find honest and according to a recent poll. Sensing an opportunity to revive the email controversy despite the vaguely worded the Republican presidential Trump said during a rally in New on corruption is on a scale we have never seen before we must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval At a later rally in he called her use of private emails the political scandal since a later rally in Cedar he abandoned his weeks of accusing the of collusion with the campaign. give them great credit for having the courage to right this horrible he said. will I think people a long time ago made up their minds about the emails. And now they are choosing a whose lead over Trump has widened in recent weeks as the real estate campaign unraveled in the wake of a tape in which he bragged about being able to grope said she believed the email issue was already factored into how the public think people a long time ago made up their minds about the said. now they are choosing a campaign expressed its frustration with the handling of the latest criticizing the way in which the news was maintaining silence in order to allow for to first address the Democrats quickly went on the offensive following her press conference with a series of statements calling on to come forward with more deliberately ambiguous nature of the most recent disclosure the emails could be significant or relevant or irrelevant contributes nothing to the the top Democrat on the House intelligence said in a statement. Can't How turnout will decide the 2016 presidential election Read coupled with the acknowledgment that more information will take an indeterminate period of it is difficult to see how this latest departure from department policy has served the public the president of a group that works to elect Democratic women to public said the developments sent Republicans into an ignorant and irresponsible is why director must release all of the facts anything less is just fodder for smear she said in a top surrogates refrain from wading into the issue for with on simply God. I should not comment on not a big elections 
discussed everything from to cats on the so very much appreciate you getting involved and sharing your thoughts with us. You can continue the conversation in the comments and be back with another Guardian Social next week in the meantime you can email or with any feedback or things like to talk a great I know what to expect turning up in to write about cities trying to find alternatives to the car beyond the of blight and road will the US ever kick the car Read things are undeniable and hit you as soon as you enter the city but what I expected was how they could lead to something positive. A cyclist rides past a mural on the GM in Nick Van contact suggested I have a look at the deprived of east so I borrowed a bike and headed over. The the chicken the beauty salon more than half the high street stores along that section of Avenue were boarded some optimistically offered as A glance at the residential streets behind revealed row upon row of vacant my custom cycles in pictures Read also had a few hundred yards of something new in the City of and rare in the United States a protected bike poked around a then east across the invisible line into the wealthy suburb of The poverty stopped abruptly but so did the safe space for cyclists. That was the point when it hit me that problems had created something most cities have and wish they did space. I have room to include it in the finished article. Getting a letter through the post saying your child is obese is never going to be a comfortable experience. Weight is a sensitive and wants to feel their parenting style is being given that one in five children now leave primary school do local authorities have a duty to warn comments below the line on this piece are an interesting including this from actually know of any evidence the this to intervention is an effective one do kids getting letters have a lower incidence of obesity later on in life than a control group who have not received Has it ever been tested properly in a If it is quite possible that it has no or is even If the government were serious about childhood obesity they would focus on proven interventions at a population such as banning junk food heavy taxes on sugary drinks and the are your More of you are taking our quiz and doing rather well 18 2016 on the false news I didn't pay strict attention to how ill was when walking to her a go yourself you spot the fake US election news Read seems many of you have really been swatting up 18 2016 the fake news if it wasn't for reading real I would have probably fallen for one of the can't say 18 2016 although I would have fallen for the last one if I hadn't already read that it was false somewhere else. in a that Ford and Fisher had an affair on the set of Star Wars. After they played two of the most iconic characters in movie so in a way a bit like hearing that J Fox and got it on during the Back to the Future wrap party. sweet. But not read too much into any of this. It was a fleeting and over now. And thank goodness for that if Episode VII taught us anything at that a pregnancy can only ever end Fisher and does it matter if movie romances are Read more In the special Future Issue we wondered just how much the grim predictions of pop culture past got right about the future. Back To The A Space The The Who and 1984 all foretold a scary amount of stuff that actually came to but there was a lot we have room to get into the magazine. cars like those about in Total Recall without the robotic and Demolition Man are Star replicators inch ever closer with each advancement made in and the virtual reality of The Lawnmower Man and Red Dwarf is now within reach of anyone willing to fork out a grand or so. in 1990 film Total Recall. after we also talked about earlier what other cases are there of science fiction becoming everyday And are there any instances where predictions missed the 18 2016 a few years my commute was bout 4 hours a day either I didn't really mind it at the as I just slept on the way up and the journey on the way back was a good length of time to watch videos without too much disruption. I ultimately gave it up though as I was needing to work longer and longer hours and a 4 hour commute on top of that isn't was only when I gave it up did I how completely I had felt the whole time. That seemed normal to and it was only in not feeling that way did I how unhealthy it probably was. never go back to doing that as a unless things were absolutely dire given that the route in question is operated by it would have to be really dire to do that commute 18 2016 husband has a 2 and a quarter hour commute each from to Canary three days a week. He goes by train so his strategy is to sleep on the way mop up emails and doze on the way next door is often on the same trains and I know at least four others that do it on a regular basis The world is full of Trump lookalikes it seems the video team has put this clip together after the latest was shared widely on social media on ... a golden pheasant Further to that false news quiz we were interested to spot this announcement of the Oxford word of the year ... let the feed Oxford Dictionaries has declared to be its international word of the year. The use of the term has increased by around in 2016 compared to last year. Oxford Dictionaries explains that this is in the context of and the US presidential election. Last year's word of the year was try to keep a straight face of photo posted by The Guardian on 2016 at do you make of the and the a response to the 18 2016 the embarrassment. I actually fell for two of those ten stories in the quiz. Goes to nobody is immune to the pernicious effects of this propaganda. of it isn't propaganda. Learn the Why cats so popular on the Guardian staff 18 2016 the work so well because in real life they're so full of contempt for humans and so aloof own cat only thinks of me as a reasonably efficient food dispenser AT that capturing them unawares on camera looking daft is very much more so than dogs because you get the feeling dogs would be so happy that a picture of them looking silly made you happy. A new cat gallery everyday please or maybe a rolling Thanks in advance. The number of workers who commute daily for two hours or more has increased by a third in five a study shows. Research finds stagnant wages and soaring housing costs mean people are forced to get jobs further from home. I am keen to hear from readers who regularly spend a good few hours en route to the workplace. How do you Do you love What are your commuting Have you any valuable rules of commute of two hours reality for workers Read someone who gets the dreaded Northern line every I know how you do I quite the obsession with talking about how cats on the are a perfect match. But sometimes you just have to roll with Kittens caught in pictures Read from this gallery celebrating photographer new book most famous for his shots of dogs is seventh down in this gallery ... and right all hind legs and frog from the by
campaign chair on led a chorus of Democratic party fury over the decision to review a new batch of her which was announced just 11 days before the presidential election in a striking break with law enforcement email woes refuse to go away what does this latest twist Read campaign launched an extraordinary criticism of the director of the who faced anger for his dramatic and late intervention in the which deviated from protocol. stood accused of betraying the political and came under growing pressure to make public everything he latest twist in a turvy election arrived on when said in a letter to Congress the would review whether there was any classified information in new that appear to be pertinent to the In a carefully worded the director said he wanted to my previous about the original email which he told Congress had closed this and cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be campaign chair John providing selective allowed partisans to distort and exaggerate in order to inflict maximum political damage and no one can separate what is true from what is not because has not been forthcoming with the facts. little has told us makes it hard to understand why this step was warranted at is that the emails are duplicates of those already studied by the in its earlier investigation into use of a private server while secretary of told reporters on a conference adding that would not be distracted in the final days of the the closed that investigation. said at the time that and her aides had been but not criminal with their email was the one who decided to take this unprecedented now against the advice of senior justice department officials who told him it was against longstanding department policy of both Democratic and Republican was the one that wrote a letter that was light on heavy on knowing full well what Republicans in Congress would do with it. now up to who owes the public answers to the questions that are now on the and calling on him to come forward and give those answers to the enforcement sources speaking anonymously told news outlets the new emails came from devices belonging to the disgraced former congressman and estranged husband of one of closest aides. Agents uncovered the emails during an investigation into whether sent sexually explicit text messages to a teenage said had fully cooperated with the investigation from the start. been fully cooperative. We of course stand behind campaign more information that comes the more overblown this entire situation seems to be. That in turn has raised more questions about director from his colleagues in law enforcement to take this extraordinary step just 11 days out from a presidential highlighted a Post report that senior officials in the justice department had warned not to go public but he ignored their advice. He also claimed based on anecdotes from the supporters were intensifying their efforts to get out the volunteers are rallying behind he said. know what a fighter she is as upset and concerned as we are here This has only increased the momentum that feeling among our activists on the Twitter Trump gleefully responds to new probe into jubilant seized on a potential lifeline for his faltering campaign on describing handling of classified information as a scandal than barely disguised herself demanded the explain itself on people deserve to get the full and complete facts she told reporters in director himself has said he know whether the emails referenced in his letter are significant or content of the messages is unknown and may well remain so beyond election day. your guess is as good as and I think good takes center stage in presidential race about men's sex lives Read is a appointee who was deputy attorney general for W Bush. As well as the the New Yorker reported officials speaking on condition of anonymity saying that was warned by the justice department before sending his letter to Congress. is operating independently of the justice department. And he knows one official told the Post. violates decades of another told the New Yorker. who served at the department under attorney general told the think it was an unacceptable breach of years of department of justice practice and precedent. department goes out of its way not to take any action close to an election that could influence the outcome of that election. The reputation for independence and integrity is really at the core to their ability to do their job described decision to provide an unprecedented televised statement at the end of the investigation in as original sin The director then felt able to answer questions from Congress in more detail than but this is far the most serious breach of Miller former justice department staffer said J the original and controversial had done worse than not even did anything publicly in the closing day of an election that could be seen as tipping the and Democrats alike expressed bafflement at timing and ambiguous letter. Senator a senior Democrat with a history of support for the security condemned conduct. has a history of extreme caution near election day so as not to influence the she said. break from that tradition is the Republican chairman of the Senate judiciary said letter to Congress unsolicited quite He too said it created more questions than and the public deserve more context to properly assess what evidence the has discovered and what it plans to do with analysts speculated that felt caught in a if he waited until after the or if the new review leaked through back he would have been accused of a In an internal email sent to he said he was concerned about the need to inform Congress and the people versus the danger of a misleading impression about trying to strike that in a brief letter and in the middle of an election there is significant risk of being but I wanted you to hear directly from me about he voting is under way in 37 nearly votes have been and has a healthy lead in most polls. think people a long time ago made up their minds about the she said at her press conference. now they are choosing a his own campaign has been plagued by one scandal after Trump has regularly berated over the and his supporters at rallies frequently her Lock her On he accused of corruption a scale we have never seen Can't How turnout will decide the 2016 presidential election Read must not let her take her criminal scheme into the oval he told a rally in New justice will be On campaigning in Trump made an from his months of the and justice department. have amazing people at the Department of and you have amazing people at the he said. bet without any that there was a revolt in the began investigating in after a Daily Mail report that a girl had exchanged explicit messages with him. By had already announced a separation from her himself has been accused by several women of sexual assault or inappropriate conduct. He has argued that her and brought three women who accused the former president of wrongdoing to a presidential elections 
Bullying is a pernicious problem in the the stark finding from exclusive research by the Guardian. The survey of more than 1,500 nurses and other health workers in primary care and community found that had experienced bullying and for almost half of them it is still ongoing. Close to nine out of 10 bullying victims who responded have been left with their cases the survey on bullying was the findings underline the results of the official annual staff survey. The 2015 survey of nearly 300,000 professionals across England found that a quarter of staff in trusts had experienced harassment or abuse in the previous 12 of respondents to the Guardian carried out between August and think bullying is a big problem within the while almost said they felt the health service did not take bullying seriously. culture is driven by exerting undue pressure on others to get things done. If you you are targeted and eventually you end up with stress and one manager said. Respondents who have been bullied take on average 108 days off work and a third have contemplated leaving their becomes defensive and takes the corporate line to protect themselves from a legal challenge and puts it down to your perception. You are then managed out of your job through contrived actions designed to make you leave. All this leaves you broken and with no strength to fight. You go if you can find another job. Otherwise you suffer in devastating impact of bullying is all too apparent. A third of victims said they had been pushed out of their with many developing serious mental health problems as a while almost reported increased stress and panic attacks. As a some said they needed or treatment after being bullied. The survey also shows the adverse impact of bullying on the with those respondents who have been bullied taking on average 108 days off work and almost a third saying they were sick. A further third said they had contemplated leaving their director of development and employment at for the in admits the results are worrying. is completely unacceptable and the ongoing work to tackle it is vital for all leaders and she says. improve the working lives of our staff and deliver the best possible care to we need to create open and collegiate cultures in our across the health ruined my accounts of bullying in the Read to the 1,355 anonymous survey respondents who said they had experienced or witnessed the most common forms of abuse are undermining and persistent criticism. Just over a third said they were persecuted through fear or saying their career was deliberately sabotaged. One in 10 bullying victims was subjected to violent and if a particular incident triggered the said raising a concern prompted the abuse. Fear of reprisals means that only reported the bullying. For the who chose not to report felt scared that to do so would make things worse. Of those who did report their said it persisted sometimes for as long as a experience left me feeling as though I had been that I was a liar and had made it all said one administrator. had a meeting with my bully and came away from it feeling worse than before. now left feeling desperately unhappy in a job I now of those who reported bullying said they received pastoral support from their and less than a quarter of these were satisfied with the survey commissioned last year by the showed that nearly a third of people had been bullied at have been raised by health professionals and academics that the structure of the facilitates a culture where bullying can is a hard taskmaster but made worse by those around you who see you as a threat that rocks the hierarchy where everyone should know their an anonymous hospital consultant says in response to the results of the Guardian survey. He may well impact on patient care if those who perpetuate the abuse look for an opportunity to trip you up and blow any minor omission out of all chair of the Medical representative says the survey results should act as an urgent call to employers. more staff are to speak they must be able to raise concerns without fear of being harassed or and there need to be clear and supportive systems of reporting in she says. need to put an end to the climate of fear that has built up in the over a number of with those in senior positions in the leading by example to make this a by the Professionals was sent out to network members via an email newsletter. It was also promoted via Twitter and Network readers were also invited to take part through the who left the the loss of my role was like a was an experienced nurse working in a fantastic team of staff. Following a our ward manager was replaced by someone who was known for being a bully. She frequently made comments and used language inappropriate for the role. Her of me began immediately. On one due to staff sickness I was expected to do the jobs of four other people and was reprimanded when I objected. I was expected to attend meetings on my days off. I was constantly ridiculed and told that medical staff had me even when they quite clearly had not. On one occasion I was physically pushed out of the way. This went on for over a year along with the treatment of me that had a devastating effect on my psychological health. I was having panic attacks and suicidal took out a grievance and was immediately moved to an area where I had no previous experience or expertise. Unable to continue working I was signed off sick with stress. My bullying complaint was not investigated properly and not upheld. I believed that I had been targeted as I had previously raised concerns about patient care. I appealed against the decision and with the support of a union representative and I won. But the bully remained in post and I was offered a job in another at a lower grade. I was advised by my union that I was being constructively dismissed and not to return to work. I negotiated an exit strategy with payment of a lump sum under one of the compromise agreements. I am now in receipt of an permanent injury benefit which guarantees me a in excess of what I was previously for the rest of my natural life. I now work for a private company in a setting. The loss of my clinical role has been like a bereavement and not a day goes by when I do not think about the injustice of my the bullies have wrecked my is an endemic culture of bullying at the hospital trust I work at. Colleagues have been suspended for raising concerns over unsafe patient care and allegations of abuse towards patients. One colleague had to leave her job after and is undergoing for stress disorder. In my the bullying was incessant my line manager would call me in the evening at home telling me to take time off work and encouraging me see my in her I was unwell I She insisted that I had to contact her every morning to tell her where I even at work. Other senior people soon started to target me and I would be admonished for the smallest of errors and for things I done. Because of the seniority of these other members of staff began to pull and I soon became isolated. By this I had gone to see my who had diagnosed me with severe depression. I have had suicidal thoughts occasionally I still do. been demoted and moved into a job where I have no experience and been offered no being set up to fail. resigned to the fact that I will have to leave the trust at some as I carry on. The bullies have wrecked my career in the and my confidence in my ability has evaporated. The whole experience has had a profound effect on me cheerful confidence has been replaced by paranoia and I will never be the same person again. To this day I do not know what I did wrong if sector 
The campaign has accused director of double standards for releasing news of a fresh investigation into private email server while apparently withholding evidence of support for Trump in case it were to influence next spokespeople pointed to reports by and the Post claiming that privately urged against naming for apparently interfering in the election and hacking Democratic email with campaign manager saying the decision to hold back all White House also aired more concerns about actions and while the Guardian reported that the director could himself face investigation for violating the Hatch a law designed to prevent federal officeholders from abusing their power to influence an election. is no in email investigation a slew of allegations about particularly concerning his alleged ties to have peppered the closing hours of reported that analysis of communications between a Trump Organization server and a could suggest a relationship although the New Times said the messages could be or The Trump campaign has denied any relationship with cited unnamed sources not verified by the Guardian to claim that Trump has been by as its preferred New Times had a look at what can be seen of tax records chosen not to release of course and concluded that measures he took in the early were legally dubious his own lawyers advised him that the Internal Revenue Service would likely declare it improper if he were reported that the has opened an inquiry into former campaign in relation to his role in advising foreign including Trump praises director for letter to Congress has parted ways with pundit the interim head of the Democratic National Committee accused of leaking debate questions to the backer Peter says he takes the ban but not governor and disappointed former Republican presidential contender John has cast his early ballot for John who on the will leave behind his Twitter account and his 11 million followers when he exits the White House. The handle will be passed on to President it was well but also at the White White House Man of Steel meets with the live is back when it really is only one week to go till election day for the 23 million people already Thanks for reading. With all the usual caveats about latest gives a chance of victory. Which means a chance of President Trump. our analysis of how wrong or right the polls might latest forecast gives an chance to win the 2016 Associated Press says its own data shows rates of early voting are than in with more than 23 million votes already represents nearly of the total votes expected if turnout is similar to 2012. In more than 46 million people up to of the electorate are expected to vote before election Democrats lead Republicans by 3 percentage points in early reversing a trend in the past two elections in which Republicans led in early voting and large numbers of Democrats voted on election swing state Republicans trail Democrats in early voting as though by a smaller margin than four years ago. Both parties are well behind where they were four years ago. An shooter at the Library in has been resolved and is at all to the police in Little Rock have Rock Police appears to be a robbery. Victim was selling blue jeans when shot. Incident not at all related to the upcoming presidential victim was reportedly shot in the leg but the injuries are not believed to be For the next president of the United the Oval Office will come with more than Twitter was the first US president to be on the drawing followers to the verified account since signing up in May next president will take over the handle on Inauguration 20 but the slate will be wiped clean of 317 posts will be archived at a newly created by the National Archives and Records same will happen with and along with other presences on such as and Twitter account will only be to the next suggesting the successful candidate could choose to continue using their existing presidential candidates already have huge followings on with followed by people at and Trump at nearly more than the next Twitter account won't follow out of office Read more As your antidote to politicians dressing up for not pretend the one was the last two boys dressed up as at the White House trick or treating Two children dressed up as at the event at the South Lawn of the White House. Images Meta Berg Mitt dressed up for 2016 Former Republican hopeful John has cast his early ballot and for John spokesman said had voted for the actual Republican candidates in every other but on the issue of the presidency the governor went with someone he could support and also kept his commitment and demonstrated his support for count for as Associated Press says the 2008 nominee one of the allowable names in the thought that counts etc. Further to that Slate report that a Trump Organization server could have been communicating with a bank a link the Trump campaign has denied the New Times has also been investigating the pinging between the two and came to not the same conclusion as Slate. Instead it officials spent weeks examining computer data showing an odd stream of activity to a Trump Organization server and Bank. Computer logs obtained by the New Times show that two servers at Bank sent more than 2,700 messages a first step for one computers to talk to another to a server beginning in the the ultimately concluded that there could be an innocuous like a marketing email or for the computer contacts. This is picking up the live from this is why IT glitches seem much more suspicious in the dying hours of internal senate email server is down due to unknown network investigation ongoing. Some staff haven't had access in 2016 full of to friends loved ones for a full of you have been real 2016 in response to a request for comment from The Guardian regarding an story alleging the opening of an inquiry into his foreign business dismissed the report as outrageous story is an outrageous smear being driven by Harry and the said. is an attempt by them to take the focus off of the announcement of last on the renewed interest in the email scandal and the release of and campaign is nothing of my business activities to continued. is no investigation and even admitted that there is no criminal investigation. This is presidential politics and nothing Happy from little girls... very excited to trick or treat with Mommy and Daddy. 2016 More on alleged ties to a ties to have long raised eyebrows. Several of the Republican campaign including former campaign chair have long maintained business ties in Eastern was a longtime political adviser to deposed president a close Republican nominee has long praised leader and refused to condemn the hostile actions towards neighboring including He has even criticized for her criticism of and the United States to cooperate with in where the air force has been repeatedly conducted air strikes on civilians in Trump has long worked with business interests in real estate projects. His Trump said in make up a pretty disproportionate of a lot of our assets. We see a lot of money pouring in from camp denies report of bank being tied to Trump Organization Read more A statement from From the Ms. has complied fully and voluntarily with State Department and law enforcement including sitting for interviews and providing her and potentially documents. Ms. willing cooperation has been praised by members of Congress and law enforcement officials alike. She only learned for the first time on from press of the possibility that a laptop belonging to could contain emails of her While the has not contacted us about Ms. will continue to as she always has forthcoming and cooperative. A New Times story reports that Republican presidential nominee Trump availed himself of a method in the early so legally hazy that own lawyers warned him that the Internal Revenue Service would deem it improper under the New Times helped Trump avoid reporting hundreds of millions of dollars in debt resulting from the failure of one of casino businesses as taxable income. The views debt in the same light as taxable income which would normally mean that after the floundering of City casino business and the subsequent cancellation of hundreds of millions of dollars in Trump would have to pay taxes on that debt as The strategy known among tax practitioners as a relies on mathematical sleight of hand. Say a company can repay only million of a million bank loan. If the bank forgives the remaining the company faces a large tax bill because it will have to report that canceled million debt as taxable tax lawyers found a way around this inconvenience. The company would simply swap stock for the million in debt it could not repay. This it would look as if the entire million loan had been and There would be no tax bill due for million in canceled Trump campaign dismissed the which are based on documents uncovered during a search of casino bankruptcy filings from the suggests either a fundamental misunderstanding or an intentional misreading of the Trump campaign press secretary Hope Hicks told the New Times. thesis is a not just of but of all taxpayers who take the time and spend the money to try to comply with the dizzyingly complex and ambiguous tax laws without paying more tax than they owe. Trump does not think that taxpayers should file returns that resolve all doubt in favor of the And any tax experts that you have consulted are engaged in pure speculation. There is no news banned the use of in 1993.
Inside New Law the case is named Matter No. 2016-013018. It goes by an even more mysterious title in the million contract with outside criminal defense John Doe Investigation. But for New the matter is better known as the federal inquiry into Mayor Bill a and his one that is said to focus on whether they traded favorable government actions for political contributions. Last the administration quietly filed with the comptroller its contract with a law that has for months been acting as outside counsel for the mayor and his aides. The obtained by The New Times through a request under the state Freedom of Information offers the most detailed look yet at the cost of defending actions that the mayor has insisted were appropriate and legal. The Law which arranged for the legal services through negotiation as opposed to a competitive bid described in concise terms its need for a firm expertise in criminal defense law to provide legal services in support of the John Doe Investigation and any related The department checked several boxes saying it required a contractor to special not available at the services not needed on a work within a limited amount of and a conflict of The corporation who oversees the waived a requirement for a public hearing on the the documents on the ground that a hearing could litigation The prompted by required budgetary has in recent days offered a limited accounting of its spending on outside million through the end of the year for overlapping investigations of the said F. spokesman. That amount includes for lawyers at Carter who have helped defend the city in state and local inquiries including one by the comptroller into the sale in of a former nursing home in whose deed restricted use of the property to nonprofit residential health care. declined to comment on whether the firm continued to work for the city on that matter. asked at a news conference on about the been asked to provide been very and as many times as the investigators want to talk to members of the of course they will have that opportunity. But each time requires preparation and representation. A Law Department spokesman declined to reply to a list of questions about the contract. a spokesman for 2013 and 2017 said the mayor and his aides acted and appropriately at all said no public money had been spent to defend the 2013 campaign or the political Campaign for One New which is at the center of some of the investigations. He declined to say how much money had been spent to defend them. hope that the which have now lasted over seven will draw to a said in an email. The contract with described as a is retroactive to several weeks after news reports surfaced that an investigation by the United States office in into corruption at the Police Department had spread to include by It is set to last final one document says. the end date is given as 2020. The costs are set out in the contract and are commensurate with rates charged by other top city an hour for work by an hour for an hour for associates and for paralegals and other staff. A spokesman for the M. whose office approves most city declined to comment on whether the spending was appropriate or on other aspects of the which is currently under review by his office. Of the total cost of million is for the 2016 fiscal with the rest to be spent in the 2017 fiscal the documents show. A 14 memo from the Law Department included with the contract said that because of time the firm had commenced work before the contract was officially but that it had yet been E. a partner at who signed the contract for the declined to comment. But his page on his company website says that his experience companies and includes inquiries by federal and local authorities into Mayor Bill campaign practices and related In the more than 80 pages of documents in the the name is not mentioned in connection with the matter. And only once is the nature of the John Doe Investigation hinted in a letter from the Law Department to which describes the inquiry as being by the office for the Southern District of New the Department of Investigation and other The letter says the firm would represent city employees and employees of other entities the city has agreed to represent in interviews or if subpoenaed to give grand jury testimony. Asked on if he had been interviewed by federal had a simple
whose sometimes darkly funny short stories and novels about the small struggles of unremarkable people placed him in the company of masters like V. S. W. Somerset and died on in England. He was 88. His death was confirmed by his son Cox. who was by birth and upbringing but a longtime resident of placed his fiction squarely in the middle of ordinary life. His plots often unfolded in or villages whose most of them hanging on to the bottom rung of the lower middle waged unequal battle with capricious fate. In Ballroom of one of his most famous a young woman caring for her crippled father looks for love in a dance hall but week after for a few drunken kisses from a local bachelor. The hero of Day We Got Drunk on repeatedly phones a young woman he admires in between drinking sessions at a series of pubs. The relationship deepens during a final call in the wee takes a unexpected turn. The emotional weather in world is generally with a threat of rain. am a the narrator of the novel at the begins. have no children. I have never From this bleak a mesmerizing tale unfolds. very interested in the sadness of the things that just happen to told Publishers Weekly in 1983. His cast of nearly all of the middling was extraordinarily varied. has fashioned a remarkable gallery of contemporary the critic wrote of the Pale and Other in The New Times in 1982. farmers and priests and men of the turf are as convincing and suggestive as his his suburban his his mod clerks and Nothing seems alien to he captures the moral atmosphere of a sleek advertising of a shabby West End dance of a minor public of a shotgun wedding in an Although he wrote nearly 20 many of which won top literary did his finest work in short and tended to be dismissive of his ventures into the longer form. a writer who writes novels when he get them into short he once said. On another his called his novels lot of short His fiction could be boisterously lugubrious or pathetic. He delved deeply into the hearts of his struggling whose frustrated ambitions and evoked an authorial sympathy that became more pronounced over the years. As with the comic of the early stories mellowed with giving way to a more sorrowful like achieved some of his finest effects by blending comedy and tragedy. a producer who adapted several of stories for radio and television in wrote in an email in shall always imagine diffident and comfortable in arriving in a and beautiful place full of and looks lovely I bet it His language was his narratives marvels of condensation. In an interview with The Review in he defined the short story as art of the He be an explosion of truth. Its strength lies in what it leaves out just as much as what it puts if not Cox was born in on May in County to Protestant parents. His was a bank manager who took his the former and children from one town to as promotions and transfers arose. An outsider by family circumstance and religion in a predominantly Roman Catholic learned at an early age to observe quietly from the a skill that served him well as an writer describing the and as an expatriate looking across the Sea to the towns and villages of his youth. was fortunate that my accident of birth placed me on the edge of he wrote in The Guardian in 1992. After graduating from Trinity in he taught at a preparatory school in Northern In he married whom he had met at Trinity. She and their son survive as do another and a granddaughter. In secondary had begun sculpting in and his growing proficiency led to a job in England teaching art at schools in Rugby and as he developed a sideline carving statues for churches. He began showing in exhibitions working in and he embraced abstraction. In he published a wispy comedy of Standard of which he later disowned. He also dropped his last to avoid confusion with his identity as a although that chapter in his life was already drawing to a close. His abstract he later dissatisfied him because of its remoteness from human beings. sometimes think all the people who were missing in my sculpture gushed out into the he told The Times in 1990. To bring in he began working as a copywriter at a leading advertising agency in he once he failed to produce a single usable line of copy. The job left him plenty of spare which he used to write fiction. He grabbed the attention of critics in 1964 with Old a blackly humorous account of former schoolmates who resume their old rivalries when they gather for a reunion. called the novel well funny and and it won the Prize. As a was on his and lost one of the least promising copywriters it had ever hired. For the next most of it spent in the countryside he most recently lived near turned out novels and plays at a steady developing an expanding world that readers came to recognize as and a galaxy of characters that included the village sociopath of the novel Children of the fabulously boring in the short story and and many variations on timorous Man. think there is another writer from with his A. the author of A Study of His said in an interview. total conviction he has written about the rural on their about provincial about commercial about Protestants and the remnants of the aristocracy. He offers a complete picture of life on that In told The New which published many of his character is somebody that I know very well as well as I know myself. You become very interested in that person. You become immensely inquisitive and immensely He sort of a an invader of The settings changed. Most of the early novels and stories take place in villages. On his attraction to England as a he told Publishers knew just enough about it to be As became more remote to he found it more congenial as a subject observed most closely from a distance although he often turned back the writing about the of 50 or 100 years but with a keen historical eye for the signs of sectarian conflict that would explode later. The novel of which opens in develops into a parable of the and there historical in the novels Silence in the and Story of which begin at the close of the First World War and the early years of and even in News From one of most celebrated later set during the famine years of the have no messages or anything like told The Review. have no philosophy and I impose on my characters anything more than the predicament they find themselves
A new batch of emails leaked by from the account of John campaign were released on seeming to show the interim head of the Democratic National Committee and a giving a heads up about a likely debate question the day before she was due to take on Sanders at a primary 2 weeks never had access to questions and would never have shared them with the candidates if I woman did ask about the Flint water crisis at the next 11 released a statement after earlier emails supposedly showed leaking a town hall question it pertains to the I never had access to questions and would never have shared them with the candidates if I Miller statement on emails spokeswoman said the network was with the news that allegedly leaked a debate question to campaign. In a On accepted resignation as a contributor. deal had previously been suspended in when she became the interim head of the never gave access to any prep attendee background information or meetings in advance of a town hall or debate. We are completely uncomfortable with what we have learned about her interactions with the campaign while she was a another message released on emails the president of Center for about prospects and questions her in the campaign. Twitter Leaked John email. has been publishing batches of the leaked emails all after publishing leaks from the emails in and the campaign have refused to confirm the emails are elections water 
Jasmine was standing outside her home here on afternoon when her cellphone went Two of her who were injured when their school bus crashed on were being discharged from the hospital. The news pulled her briefly from her grief. Moments Ms. had been talking about her daughter the girl with the new who died in the same bus crash that injured two of Ms. other daughters. coming but her Ms. said as a single tear rolled down her left cheek. though she was the one who told me my baby was I just want to believe she said of her other The third daughter on is 10. believe it. You know how you try to hold on to This just north of border with reeled on as it coped with the grim toll of the deadly school bus crash. The authorities said that at least five Elementary School students four girls and a boy had and that 12 others were still hospitalized. Six of the children were in intensive care. Elsewhere in the bus K. was jailed and charged with vehicular homicide after the authorities said he had recklessly sped and swerved during his afternoon route. are heartbroken for all of our students and their said Kirk the interim schools superintendent in County. was the worst day that we have had for and for County Schools that I can recall in my life as an educator and as a parent and as a member of this Three of the students who died were in the fourth grade. The other children who were killed were in kindergarten and first but he did not identify the students. will always be with us throughout our he said. is something that we will never forget here as a The bus was removed from the scene on and crews worked along the blocked street to restore the utility pole that the police said Walker had struck. A small memorial of stuffed animals and flowers took and investigators reviewed the crash site. The National Transportation Safety Board opened an and it will be months before federal officials reach any conclusions. But the authorities moved quickly to assign and in an arrest affidavit issued on a police officer wrote that Walker had been driving a high rate of well above the posted speed limit of 30 the police Walker control of the and swerved off the narrow roadway. The which ultimately landed on its struck a an elevated a tree and a telephone pole. The explaining the decision to charge Walker with vehicular homicide and other cited reckless of his as well as very high speed and weaving within his Tests for drugs and alcohol are Chief Fletcher of the Police Department said in an interview on Federal investigators say they expect to interview who received his commercial license in and was involved in a minor bus crash in School which holds a contract to bus thousands of County students each said in a statement that it was by the The statement did not address questions about the hiring nor did it respond to reports that including Ms. had complained about Walker. A criminal history report from the Bureau of Investigation indicated that Walker had no arrests before the crash on but State Department of Safety and Homeland Security records showed that his license was suspended briefly in 2014 for an insurance violation. No one answered the door at apartment on when a woman who said she was a tried to slip a note under his door. The safety record of which is based near and says it transports more than a million schoolchildren in communities around the country each was also under scrutiny on A federal in statistics published late last said the company had received 10 fitness over the course of two years a figure better than only a fraction of other similarly sized transportation companies. The federal Department of Transportation said drivers had been involved in 346 accidents in two but the statistics did not distinguish whether the employees were to blame for the wrecks. And although federal officials had flagged for its record on driver the company had not drawn special attention for a history of unsafe driving. The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration said the company had a safety rating. A company spokeswoman did not respond to emailed but the chairman of the National Transportation Safety A. said the panel would look into the company during its investigation. Student fatalities aboard school buses are rare in the United where an estimated 25 million children use them daily. In a May report that examined crash data between 2005 and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said that 53 children had died in accidents while they were riding in what the government classified as transportation Emotions were raw on outside where stood around daybreak and thought about how he had not yet told his son about the crash. know how to explain said while students walked and skipped toward the school for their final day of classes before Thanksgiving break. The school district said that about 100 of approximately 315 students were in their classrooms on The crash occurred about 16 months after a gunman opened fire at two military sites in killing five servicemen. is a cursed number in our city right and so we are again dealing with unimaginable Mayor said. most unnatural thing in the world is for a parent to mourn the loss of a child. There are no words that can bring comfort to a mother or a
In his strongest public comments since the President on sharply criticized the spread of fake news and said that J. Trump would not remain in office for long if he failed to take the job seriously. made his remarks at a news conference in beside the one of his closest allies on the calling the pair of the international political stage. Ms. was unusually sentimental. is hard to say she said. But instead of basking in the glow of his valedictory tour of used the moment to make a passionate and pointed attack on bogus news stories disseminated on and other social media twice calling such false reports a threat to democracy in his news conference. also warned Trump of the need to take the job of the presidency seriously and to be tough on extraordinary demands that are placed on the United States not just by its own but by people around the world that forces you to said of ascent to the presidency. demands if not serious about the then you probably be there very added. But it was on the subject of false information coursing through social media and television that was most so much so that at one stage he lost track of the question he was answering. in an age where so much active misinformation and its packaged very well and it looks the same when you see it on a page or you turn on your said. everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are then we know what to got all caught up in that he said. Mark the chief executive of recently said fake news on the social network was and dismissed notions that such reports might have swayed the election as But executives and employees at have been questioning or the social network helped influence the opinions and votes of according to interviews with current and former employees. Bogus news stories appearing and on social media appear to have had a greater reach in the final months of the campaign than articles by mainstream news according to an analysis of activity by In the three months before Election the most popular stories produced by hoax sites and generated more engagement shares and comments on than the most popular articles by major news the analysis found. Among the 20 most popular fake election stories identified by all but three favored Trump or denigrated and which has also faced mounting criticism over distribution of fake stories on its said this week that they would take aim at the fake news sources of revenue. In pointed a second time to the potential dangers of false news reports. the United if 43 percent of eligible voters do not then democracy is he said in response to a question about the recent election. we are not serious about facts and true and and particularly in an age of social media when so many people are getting their information in sound bites and off their if we discriminate between serious arguments and then we have Ms. offered her own warnings about the disruptions associated with likening the present period to the social disruptions that occurred during the Industrial Revolution. have shown deep ambivalence toward social worried that global companies fail to respect the strict laws protecting personal privacy. has also come under scrutiny from the government for allowing the spread of hate speech in postings that would be illegal in traditional media. The chancellor thanked for putting privacy on the a nod to the strain in relations between the two after it emerged in 2013 that the National Security Agency had been monitoring Ms. prompting outrage among urged Trump to cooperate with President V. of when the but said he hoped the also is willing to stand up to where they are deviating from our values and international I expect that the will follow exactly our blueprint or our but my hope is that he does not simply take a realpolitik said. will be something learn more about as the puts his team he added. Trump has repeatedly complimented and has sought to improve ties with The United States has accused of hacking emails of Democratic Party officials in order to influence the and warmly welcomed victory. said he spoke to Trump last week about ensuring that his actions help to unify and not divide the country. what I said to him was what may work in generating enthusiasm or passion during elections may be different than what will work in terms of unifying the country and gaining the trust even of those who support said. indicated his understanding of has to reflect itself not only in the things he says but also in how he fills out his apparently referring to appointment of K. as a senior adviser. has been criticized for his association with nationalistic and views. hope is that something he is thinking added. not only is the president of the United States somebody that the entire country looks to for but sets the agenda internationally in a lot of said Trump had reassured him that he would remain committed to the alliance once in and that he was encouraged by that. have been unsettled by many of campaign above all his questioning of commitment to West relied on the alliance to protect it from the Soviets throughout the Cold War and many Eastern countries now see it as their guarantee against a resurgent Yet the including have failed consistently over the years to uphold their financial commitment to supporting the long a sore point with has fallen short of its contributions over the past several and in 2015 made good on only about half its despite record tax income for the government. Ms. vowed that this would change in the crediting with delivering the message that needed to increase military spending. the long the imbalance over defense spending cannot be and has understood this message and already begun to Ms. said. added that should appreciate what the United States had done for the country since World War II. I can say to the people that the United States has been good for he said. looked out for Has provided security for Has helped rebuild And unify also said that if he were he would probably vote for Ms. who may run next year for a fourth term. know whether that hurts or he said with a smile. arrived in on and the two leaders had a private dinner. spent much of morning waiting at his hotel for Ms. schedule to clear. The two dined again evening and will meet morning along with the leaders of and leaves for an summit in early afternoon.
We know who they or what their mission is. We only know that there are thousands of them out pretending to be us. They may be at or in special or sitting beside you on the train. They use social and write and comments. Some of them may visit the bottom of this can hire your own troll army if you have the cash. In 2011 the PR firm Bell told undercover journalists that they could and maintain and spruce up profiles and search rankings. Indeed marketing has a rich history of which is laying down fake grassroots. Take voice and friend of the which at least admits in nearly invisible small print that it is paid for by the tobacco manipulating social media has become part of the business of government. It may yet influence how governments are formed. Recent reports suggest that many of most fervent supporters are not themselves but being paid by their government to help him win. One told Bee that she pretends to be a housewife from Why she would confess it now is but when you look around it begins to feel like everybody does it. just that no two methods are the same. existence of the or Cent is not a secret in but then it is hard to employ up to two million people secretly. Even the Global Times reported with approval on the practice in citing party office as the source of the name after it paid a team of 600 yuan a month in plus half a yuan hence for each glowing post they paying stooges to praise your work has become about as routine for local government in China as hiring traffic wardens. A recent study at University found that the authorities were placing phony comments on the each year. In an analysis of 43,800 the researchers concluded that of them were made by civil servants from a wide variety of government departments. The postings tended to come in bursts at testing such as during protests or party few of the comments qualify as in the strict sense. Rather than attacking they focus on swamping the doubters with a flood of positive or cleverly diverting the conversation. As with any some practitioners are laughably bad at it. In found many stooges simply cutting and pasting a suggested question into an discussion with a party secretary in seems like taxis are far more orderly than in past they all wanted to tell years interviewed an anonymous with very sophisticated methods. The young whose own family knew nothing of his estimated that of the comments he saw were left by the 50 Cent Party. He described creating several identities in one and structuring arguments between them so that the most authoritative voice could ultimately settle matters in the Another tactic was to be deliberately and thus draw public anger on to himself and away from the authorities. I feel like I have a split he said. say I like it or hate it. just a bit more to do each day. A bit more pocket money each troops Between 300,000 and many subjects Excellent local why democracy Twitter before Trump met was famous for its troll factories outside anyway. Allegations of covert propagandists invading go back as far as and in 2012 the youth movement was revealed to be paying people to comment on However most of what we know now comes from a series of leaks in 2013 and most concerning a St company called Research then just It is believed to be one of several firms where trolls are trained and paid to smear opponents both at home and inside a troll house Read to internal documents released by a group of hackers in Research Agency employed more than 600 people across and had an implied annual budget of half of which was paid out in cash. Employees were expected to post on news articles 50 times a day. Those who wrote had to maintain six accounts and publish at least three posts daily. On they had to have at least 10 on which they would tweet 50 times. All had targets for the number of followers and the level of engagement they had to an investigator called went undercover at the company and afterwards published her experiences. These included smearing the character of the opposition leader in the days following his and promoting the theory that he was killed by his own rather than by friends of felt the bullets between my own said. was so upset that I almost gave myself away. But I was 007. I fulfilled my When a reporter called wrote about Research in she herself became the target of a frightening campaign of threats and you might many trolls lack a certain polish when posting in think the whole world is realizing what will be with and only US keep on fuck around because of their great plans are doomed to one Research employee wrote on a forum. Indeed the own moderators have begun to notice regular especially on articles about can look at the suspicious tone of certain combined with the date they signed the time they post and the subjects they post says one senior moderator. comments in broken claiming to be from western counties are very troops Several subjects and Trump being the opposition being the conspiracy against the effeminacy of been an public relations war for about as long as been an In called literally meaning and it involves trying to improve the opinion of the country and its causes. Accordingly there are around 350 official covering the full range of social media. For besides its Twitter accounts in and the Force even has its own featuring photo collections with themes such as and the government revealed that it would also recruit however. These would be staffed by a mixture of international supporters and domestic whose high low income and familiarity with social media make them generally well suited to professional trolling. need a unified effort to explain why we have a legal right to be here in the member told the Post. is key to defeat the movements pushing to divest and sanction Those who signed up would get quick access to government and leaders of student groups would also be awarded during the war in the following a student group called Under Fire emerged as one of many voices promoting the side of the story. counter propaganda and explain the the said. media is another place where the war goes on. This is another way to tell our We do not know whether Under Fire was itself one of these covert or whether got a scholarship. The Page is still active troops Low subjects friendliness of of force. has a troll why With this last the new Information Policy Ministry announced the launch of its own based at with plans to challenge the enemy version of events on social media. already said more than once that we should effectively combat bots and fake information policy minister Stets said. think this project will give us many volunteers who are ready to disseminate truthful information and expose fake reports from Twitter is not clear how many or supporters have yet taken up the cause. The site where volunteers can is certainly not very appealing to outsiders. It is a crazed and relentless jumble of unflattering stories about from details about the air to doping by its to unsubstantiated allegations from the western media that is a not let yourself be deceived spread the the site obvious signs of life can be found on the Twitter page. This is very with 12,800 which and regularly runs into dozens or hundreds. Clearly some of its followers have been arguing case but the tweets themselves are not very offering photographs of captured military dry political statements and sudden comic about federal for wallpaper perhaps tells you everything you need to know about the Information Policy Ministry or the of as some wags prefer. It depicts a group of noble white knights carrying the logo into battle an army of fantastical trolls rather incongruously carry the logos of RT television and No matter how sympathetic one might feel towards the it is hard not to feel that this particular region of the conflict needs a lighter troops A few subjects of the 77th Brigade were somewhat misunderstood by the media when the new army unit was created last year. In fact social media was just one example of many skills that the specialist soldiers were intended to bring to the army. And in any the MoD informs it would not be a job to launch a disinformation campaign on the even if they had the hear much about in and they do just this kind of thing. Indeed the very existence of the Joint Threat Research Intelligence Group was a national secret until documents from were published by and in 2014. And they reveal a very busy group of whose work within was intended to help everyone from the police and to the Department for Schools and Families and the Bank of of such as hacking into websites and setting up sexual sound more or less like conventional spying. Others were carefully designed to manipulate and deceive. In the words of the leaked these included videos containing persuasive establishing aliases with and Twitter and forum memberships sending spoof emails and text messages as well as providing spoof and setting up spoof trade of this sounds and frankly such as disrupting the activities of terrorists or child abusers. if it still seems to target specific groups or rather than trying to influence public opinion. Which and who chooses might be a legitimate concern. The document mentions the for whose members were no doubt not happy to be included. For its will only say that all its work is troops A few subjects not to please. North South North experience of social media is none at unless they have been given an illicit glimpse by a foreigner or a government official. Twitter and are all officially just in case. there is thus no opinion for the regime to bother about controlling. they launch their own version of as some believe they plan Across the just about all South have and the fastest in the world. They also have about 200 North trolls to contend according to a report published by a South the Police Policy in 2013. In total the report estimated that North agents had posted 41,373 pieces of propaganda in 2012. about one every two days per which is hardly Twitter the extreme strangeness of the regime in it is easy to presume that they would not know how to talk to a sophisticated southern audience. In fact their as revealed in the is rather clever. Instead of hammering people with outlandish and unconvincing propaganda in the usual North trolls focus on areas that are still debated in the south such as whether to give southerners access to sites that praise the northern regime. Aware that recently started accounts with little background often arouse northern agents also tend to work behind identities stolen from real southern the problem has been serious enough for South to and indeed to overreact. For years the National Intelligence Service has been routinely posting messages of its own to attack those coming from the and at times these have allegedly strayed into attacks on South own opposition parties. Last year the former intelligence chief Won was convicted of trying to influence the outcome of the 2012 presidential election in of the incumbent Park A retrial has since been but in the original Won was alleged to be running a team of nine agents who used at least 658 Twitter identities to post many thousands of messages to discredit the north and in the case of 274,800 to smear President who were described among other followers of North troops 200 9 subject Whether North is paradise paranoid. was taught a lesson by the Park protests of 2013. that Turks should be allowed to live more but that he should take control of social with which they had themselves against him. By the end of the the ruling Justice and Development Party had begun recruiting a team of 6,000 social media operatives. aim at developing a positive political language which we are teaching to our a party official told the Wall Street Journal at the time. when the opposing camp spreads disinformation about the we correct them with valid always using positive But not always being open about it. When asked to name some of the people who would be correcting this the official for and the their new army of volunteers proved overenthusiastic In the months that followed it became common for those who even mildly the government to be showered with far from positive remarks. Often the abuse arrived in from people with not very convincing making accusations that were not only bizarre but bizarrely similar. For instance when the journalist the handling of a hostage negotiation in he found himself repeatedly accused of times the as they became spread false stories. In it was reported that they started a fake Twitter account supposedly from the musician used it to tweet controversial comments about the state intelligence then complained about tweets to the authorities in who promptly forthcoming concert there. own daughter was apparently recorded asking one of his advisers for help from When recordings allegedly showing own corruption began to spread on Twitter in the spring of he simply not very shut Twitter aware that this farce making the more the party changed tack just before the general elections last launching the New Turkey Digital which would henceforth dish out more conventional propaganda. of our accounts will be officially spokesman told the media. messages will be determined at the party headquarters. None of the other accounts would be related to including those ones Nevertheless the lost its majority in the elections. Then regained it in new elections later in the troops Formerly probably still subjects Standing up to the standing up to standing up to standing up to 
is helping police try to find a grammar school boy who went missing after reading Down and Out in and disappeared from his home in rural more than two months leaving his parents a letter saying he was bored with his asking them not to try to find him and promising to be back within a year. Police forces across the country have been asked to look out for and postal workers across the have joined the search for him. and police and the and have been anxious to get access to his believing it may hold clues over where he may be or who he may have made contact with before vanishing. has refused to comment directly on the case but is understood to be helping the police and the charity Missing which is also involved in the hunt. The job of finding has been challenging partly because he left without a phone or any electronic equipment. He had earned from a job washing up in a kitchen restaurant as did in and police are working on fresh leads after his parents made emotional appeals at the end of last week but have not given details. Speaking to the said was an idealistic boy who liked the idea of adventure and may have been inspired by his older who had both around But she said he had grown up in the country and was not streetwise. was bright and had a strong interest in current affairs and she said. was adventurous. He enjoyed all the Bear survival challenge For the last two summers his has hitchhiked across He extensively into eastern His went I think he was inspired by all that. We think that he felt he wanted his own was an avid his mother said. book he was reading before he left was Down and Out in and You wonder if that had been influence. He was reading on a which he left police have asked us if it is possible he jumped on the back of a lorry. We rule out that possibility. He would have been following what was going on with refugees in has not been seen since he left for grammar school on his bicycle at on 6 His last words to his mother got my next day a letter arrived in the post. It Mum and I have run away because I am bored of my life. Please do not try to find me or make me come know how long I will be away for but it be longer than a year. You will find my school uniform in a bin bag in a small barn in the field on the green down the road near church. My bike is chained to the fence. to the restaurant and tell them that I will no longer be able to work there. I know you will be upset but please understand that I have to do from The letter had been posted in have no idea happened to him. He left with very little. His letter shows his departure was but he took very little with him. That gives us very little indication of what he had in mind or how he hoped to survive. We know if he had a clear objective in mind or was just going to go whichever way the wind took is described as of slight with light brown hair. may now have considerably shorter possibly Anyone with information should contact police by calling 101 or emailing quoting log 255 of 14 
My is inundated with feral scraggy wild things that cadge food from animal lovers in winter and cadge baby blackbirds and robins from their nests each spring. moaned about this without taking any responsibility until last when I became so I set a humane bought a wire cage to see if I could catch a squirrel or rat to show my Luckily she was at school when the door slammed on an adorable kitten. Clueless about what I should actually for the first time in my life I called the Rather like the first time I needed a hospital and was astounded by the brilliance of the doctors and the was charity knew all about my cat problem and had caught 20 feral cats so far. I was asked to take to meet an officer at a nearby where the kitten was checked are assessed and adults scanned for microchips to ensure they are not and pronounced a feral 21 is only eight weeks he will be found a home as a pet. Adults are neutered and released wherever they came which my blackbirds but feral cats have hard lives and only survive for a couple of has now lent me a better trap so I can join other in helping feral cats and other at no expense to the taxpayer. Bravo for the big society. One problem is tearfully begging to keep the next negligence The is wrong not to back a ban on driven grouse shooting Read was pleasantly surprised last week to receive an email telling me that a petition signed to ban driven grouse shooting had been debated in to ban one method of shooting one bird species to protect another hen might sound pretty but 123,077 people petitioned for actually a really important encompassing the rural the flooding of and criminals driving a rare bird towards of us tremble with fear these days when the will of the people is but the debate revealed some enduring contempt for the orchestrated procession of tame waxed lyrical about the joys of wild shooting. spoke of his Will who is not only one of the most exceptional shots in the country but a famous thanks for Sir before belittling petition signatories. Walker smeared the conservationist Mark for an act of premeditated a doctor of ecology who has published over scientific had highlighted scientific evidence suggesting that grouse moorland management might contribute to the 28,000 words spoken in the just supported its concerns. are supposed to reboot parliamentary democracy on the evidence of this they are another kick in its teeth. And are doing the for yachts Twitter largest cruise ship arrives in the relentless age of scaling up scaling of plans to build large supermarkets have been shelved by the chains over the past two years. and have filed just one supermarket planning application each this compared with 20 two years Royal Cruises has announced its new generation of vessels will be not quite as massive as their after protests in cities such as over the ships calling there. Small is profitable. This could be the start of something 
And that is the last piece of action. injury time ensures the 165th derby ends 2-2. were second best for long spells but led twice and were denied a victory that would have sent them second on their own. Instead they are tired with while Inter climb to ninth thanks to this point. What a game. Thanks for reading. 90 min Immediately from the restart attack and drives wide. 90 min Oh done it. The corner is flicked on by towards at the and he bundles home from a couple of yards. 90 min have everybody back and are clinging on. finds with a cross from the right but Abate is on hand to deflect the header out for a corner. is on his way up 90 There will be a minimum of three minutes added time. 89 Another minute passes by without any bother for 88 Inter are dominant but are shutting the game down well. Their final sub sees on loan from trot on for 86 hits a hopeless through ball forward that ends up rolling out for a ruining the momentum built up by Inter. 85 Inter are turning up the are sitting deep. Will there be a 84 Big chance for He runs towards the front stick and meets a cross from the left. saves. 82 The game is becoming quite fragmented there are lots of cynical fouls and the whistle is permanently attached to his mouth. 79 second replaces 78 first act is to be booked for putting an arm across as the midfielder broke. That was silly is quick and has fresh legs. 76 has a deflected shot heading out for a corner until riskily makes his way out to save. The ball spills from underneath him but he keeps hold of it with a second attempt. 75 second sub sees enter in place of 74 rolls the ball to He blasts about over the bar. but they have killed a fair chunk of time. 72 dribbles in from the left and is dragged down by who is already on a about 30 yards from goal. That will waste another minute. 71 delivery from the corner meets but he cannot find the target. The ball drifts wide to the left of net. The keeper is then given a warning for taking his time over the 70 wins a corner off make their first replaces 69 misses another glorious chance. He escapes with ease but snatches at through ball and makes an easy stop. 67 goes close again. far more difficult than the three first half chances he missed but this is the closest of all. finds him with a the controls and turns. From a tight angle his shot looks to have beaten but it flashes across goal and narrowly wide. 66 Inter now look a tad frustrated and you get the sense could punish them again on the break. has replaced which is a clever decision. 64 fouls again and the Inter players are quick to rush over and ask for a second yellow. The referee ignores their though. This must be the Inter final chance. 63 sends in a cross from the left that is too deep and have a 61 finds again. He tries to be a tad too clever this time and is dispossessed by 60 is now clumsily fouled by who has already been booked. a and if the Inter defender commits another like that he will be off. 58 And are back in front once Wow. skips past an embarrassingly bad challenge from after good build up from and before sliding a tidy finish low to right. 57 feeds down the right. He throws a good dummy to get past but his shot is tame and saves. 56 This game had started tentatively and if you had not watched a derby you would have been right to ponder what the fuss was about but the start of this second half has been wonderful. 53 What a hit from the man that accused of kicking him out of A simple throw in on the left is worked to in a central position with arguing that the decision should have gone their way. In any case he takes a touch before unleashing an unstoppable effort into the top right corner. gets a touch but no keeper in the world would be able to keep out such a thumping strike. This is suddenly looking like a great game. 52 tries his this time on his left after cutting in again from the right. It fizzes well wide. 51 unleashes a drive from 25 yards. parries it but has time to smother at the second time of asking. The game is opening up quite a bit now. 49 is booked for fouling who then takes the From it concedes a corner and does what did moment earlier to claim. 47 Inter win a corner. is confidently picked from the air by who then releases the ball immediately to The is unable to control. 46 Inter get the game going again. Can they convert their dominance of possession into an An email from An email from in has been in top form lead at the break thanks to excellent goal. Inter will feel hard done by. 43 But seconds later has scored having been set up by At the opposite end had shot straight at who set on the counter rapidly. danced forward centrally before finding to his right. The midfielder cut in past and curled past with a magnificent finish. They have been dreadful for most of this game but
Which team has just Real scored the winner for when they faced a fortnight ago. Which team has just City Wanderers Not celebrating against a club you have only ever represented while on loan might look silly but made his big breakthrough at under and remained in close contact with his former and manager years after he left. City Which team has just West Ham United only scored three goals for And he only celebrated two of them. Villa Which team has just City Forest played for 82 times and only scored four goals for them. Maybe he was embarrassed when he scored against them for Which team has just Athletic scored for City when he returned to in 2014. Some of the appreciative fans in the applauded his which was a fine strike. West Ham Which team has just earned a place in the World Records book when he scored from against said scoring from so far out was a but he was also sympathetic to his opposite feel a bit bad for him it's not a nice thing being on the receiving end of those as a Wanderers Stoke City Which team has just West This was first goal in the Premier League for a club that owned as the 32 he scored before that West and all came while he was on loan from Which team has just scored for against in the Champions League in but his goal was not enough to help his former club beat his current club. won the tie 3-1 and went on to play in the which they lost 4-1 to Real Which team has just has never played for so he wasn't showing his former fans respect by not celebrating when he scored four goals against them in this FA Cup tie in 2015. The common interpretation at the time was that wanted to leave West for but he didn't quite admit as much in his own statement after the was just handling business and acting professionally and it. no need for me to explain myself on not celebrating goals. It is what it he wanted to go to United Which team has just Arsenal United Law scored 237 goals for United but this one came against them. This the last in a season in which United were was abandoned in the 85th minute when a number of their fans stormed on to the pitch. Later Law have seldom felt so depressed in my life as I did that weekend. After 19 years of giving everything I had to score I have finally scored one which I almost wished I City Which team has just Sporting United came back to and scored for Real in the Champions League. celebrate the goal because Old is a home where I played for six said arrived there almost as a kid. not about not celebrating. I want to win but I respect the people of It was beautiful and emotional to play against my Which team has just Wanderers showed remarkable sympathy for when he scored past the Wanderers goalkeeper in 2012. was said was disappointed from a union standpoint. You never want to see that happen. It's not it's so I felt for but you have to move on from United North Jersey Imperials Which team has just West Ham United In case you're wondering which of these players it was the very sad one. City You your friends Share on Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on Share on Share on Share on Share on Messenger Close Submit club 
The founder of a brand of toilets called Trump said he had no intention of soiling the name of next president. the said he had not heard of J. Trump when he registered the name of his Trump Industrial Company as a trademark in 2002. In the company name means he highlighting how the toilet seats warm and wash the backside. That he also sounds a little like really know of this person called said in a telephone interview from the southern city of was entirely a In the United name has adorned water and other products. In it is found on even leather goods. The Many such products have the permission. Of the 46 registered trademarks under the Trump name in 29 appear to be owned by based on data with the trademark office. At least 14 companies not associated with Trump applied for the Trump trademark in 2015 and 2016 according to a commercial trademark website. The situation highlights the difficulties that big brands and celebrities face as they navigate the relatively new trademark laws. In trademarks are generally awarded to those who are first to file with the government. That has given rise to a crush of people registering the names of in a practice known as Many Western companies like Apple and have been caught up in long legal battles to win the right to use their names in China. In a company won the right to sell its leather goods under the trademark after years of legal wrangling with Apple. lost the rights to the name he is known by in China. New Balance paid million in damages for what a court said was the illegal use of the name for the which a person had trademarked. very difficult to prove bad said a lawyer with in who specializes in intellectual property law. very hard to prove that your name is well known at the time that the application is Trump has fought at least once to get his name back. In he lost a legal battle against a businessman in the northern province of Dong to prevent him from using the Trump name for a construction according to a website run by Supreme Court. Then the decision was reversed. A notice issued on trademark office website on said that trademark had been granted preliminary approval for use in construction services. The Wall Street Journal reported the decision on general counsel of the Trump did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment. Trump the first world leader wrapped up in a name dispute in China. In the government officials were not favorably inclined when a businessman tried to register the name of former President W. Bush for a brand of disposable diapers. The officials said the application was likely to be rejected it may bring about bad social impact if a name is registered as a according to state media. of the toilet maker said he had not received a challenge from Trump or his company. he he give up his trademark if Trump decides to sue. is his said. we will let the government make its judgment. We believe the laws will protect businesses like said he approved of style and spirit of He also liked When asked about the criticism directed toward Trump in the United countries are like that. I think a transformation is not bad at
Hundreds of drivers have not been paid this week and have been told they will have to wait until next week to get their which is already facing legal claims from drivers who believe they have been wrongly classed as said drivers in and a number of cities outside had been affected by what it said was a banking spokesperson an error by the bank has meant that payments due by today were delayed to a very small proportion of drivers who use our We immediately contacted the bank about this and they have already the payments to arrive by We have contacted everybody affected to explain what has happened and offer our sincere facing hundreds more claims from drivers for back pay Read sent an email to drivers telling them they would receive payment on but some drivers claimed they had been warned that their money may not arrive until next their weekly some drivers said they would be unable to pay bills or buy petrol in order to work over the weekend. Others had incurred bank because direct debit payments had gone out of their bank without cover from their expected driver I am unable to get payment then I am left with half a tank of fuel and then I am out of a branch secretary at the trade union who was involved in a high court action against over the employment status of it is not beyond the wit of man to make a payment in a prompt fashion. How do they expect people to cover Are going to compensate drivers for the extra expenses they 
MAKE THE FIVER GREAT believe but the Fiver thought it knew when it had taken a gag too repeated it and pushed it until folks started thinking it a joke at all but a manifestation of unspeakable dumbness and spite. Now we we were wrong. We now that the Fiver has not been pushing its gags far enough. There is only a short step from a tasteless joke to an evil and the have been guilty of a lack of ambition. Today is a time for uncomfortable truths and big ideas stupid ideas and so today the Fiver announces its intention to run for president of the universe. We can make it we really can. We have Purple first thing the Fiver will do when in charge is abolish boringness. easier said than of so the perfect headline policy. We may nail down the if and and it might involve banning days. Such as today. As probably nothing of any consequence has happened anywhere in the world unless you include the statement from FA that injury is merely so he should not be out for too long but when has downplaying an injury to a key Arsenal player been If it was worth talking would have already dismissed it with weary disdain. may or may not have exhibited weary disdain when dismissing an offer to play in China earlier this season but apparently he did dismiss according to of the Super League club indeed made an approach for at the beginning of the season but informed us that he wants to stay in sobbed today before perking showing off his autograph book and even met his says keep playing in the Premier League as long as his health concluded You you have to have OF THE DAY knew Trump would Long accustomed to commenting on a result long after the contest has wades into the political debate. QUOTE OF THE DAY II Twitter scarf game got nothing on How you must be rubbing your hands with glee over your success in ensnaring at least one minor pedant with your provocative item As the whose goading I confirm that swashbucklers do indeed swash their own or their bucklers round rather than buckle their swashes. The Fiver got it Even a stopped clock and so on and so Tony Crooks. a top pedant would not explain how any of cursory research has anything to do with buckling for the simple reason that it does not. The origins of the word lie in the a small shield which was strapped to arm in order to keep the hand free. A swash therefore is the equivalent of the swagger stick still carried by sergeants major. Far from either buckling a swash or swashing a buckle a swashbuckling would be wielding a in accordance with a metaphorical time first time writer. Re quote of the day where you mentioned a I have never had to put these two words together without a before or energy drink provider. Red Bull is van of you to highlight the Football Weekly show starring AC at the Palladium in Fiver. By sheer I also got an email inviting me to take part in the for Simple acoustic gig at the same venue in May next year. Fans of seeing once mighty popular acts material from the at the Palladium really are for see the apocalypse is upon us. Quite keen to get 2017 before I lock the door of the bunker. When are you sending them Peter Fiver Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager and out got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring FEDERATION Football Federation have announced the for their annual awards in association with Virgin Media as is The Fiver been nominated in a single category. pleased to pretend pleased that Football Weekly has been nominated for the gaudy Best Big Paper has been nominated for the Best Big Paper gong while Proper Journalists Conn and are both up for Best Writer. You know what to do vote early and vote often in these and other categories by clicking on this AND BOBS Twitter shakes hands with the players when he was mascot at a game in August. Trophy news have named terminally ill in their squad to face this evening. has touched the hearts of everyone at Football Club since we met him for the first time back in said boss Trophy news only 308 supporters turned up at last arson attack on refereeing chief no football. have been magnificently vague in declaring that has picked up a on international duty. Nobody seems to know whether be fit for next qualifier with or match against United a week on only scored 10 goals in the last two lack of firepower has left so put forward on his had a dream. in true Football Manager has told United to do it for the will wear black armbands not poppies against on FA is committed to marking Armistice Day with appropriate acts of trilled a suit. has been charged with directing racially abusive language at an opponent by the Football WANT got some then amaze them by regurgitating the Knowledge as your own original patter. This matching shirt numbers and to understand Pep Look at for the gardeners and Marina investigates the poppy. The forgotten story of a remarkable footballer who also played cricket for became a founded the Amateur Cup and even helped to invent shin old the 26th richest are refusing to pay a third division Smith explains years were pipped by in the World Cup and 28 months return to where they will take on an ailing of its passion and serious the Premier League is the most competitive top division in But is it Martin relations at an match between the two sides could not be more timely. a Joy of Six to celebrate. and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social WE GOING TO DO 
In then a financial reporter at The New published the book The Art of Being the talked to sources with an view of J. who concluded that the net worth was million to rather than the billion to billion Trump had variously claimed. who had courted by taking him for rides in his and private sued for libel in New Jersey in 2006. Trump called a on the show continuing to curry favor with him privately. Warner was also named in the suit and hired top lawyers who put Trump through an unsparing deposition. Asked about his Trump was caught lying or exaggerating 30 times. thought get a friendly and we would roll says who is now the executive editor of View. The case went through four judges and was dismissed in 2009. suit against is one of seven forays Trump and his companies have made as libel plaintiffs. He won only when a defendant failed to appear. But the standard measure defending his reputation and achieving victory in court how Trump says he thinks about his investment. spent a couple of bucks on legal and they spent a whole lot he told The Post in March about the hefty sum he spent on the case against did it to make his life which happy Trump was Warner Books spent less than he and paid nothing. But that make central idea any less that libel law can be a tool of revenge. disconcerting for a maybe not as rich as he plaintiff to treat the legal system as a weapon to be deployed against critics. Once installed in the White Trump will have a wider array of tools at his and his record suggests more than his he will try to use the press and also control and subdue it. As a Trump blustered vaguely that he wanted to up our libel I asked his Hope by email what he meant by but she answer the question others I not within the direct powers to change the rules for libel suits. But our legal safeguards for writers and publishers foolproof. In the last few Trump has been joined by at least two billionaires who are determined to exploit cracks in the wall of defense around the press. The members of this club are innovators. They have sued or funded suits to defend reputations or protect privacy. But an underlying aim appears to be to punish critics like or even destroy entire media outlets. This kind of manipulation of the law is unfolding at a keen moment of weakness for the which has already been buffeted by falling revenue and mounting public disaffection. Only 40 percent of the public the lowest rate since at least the trusts the media report the news accurately and according to a survey conducted in 2015. This mistrust has been growing for a long but it was stoked by Trump during the campaign. He called the reporters who covered him and whipped up yelling and booing crowds. There is no consensus among his supporters that the press should hold those in power accountable. A recent Pew survey found that only half of Trump backers agreed that it was important in a strong democracy that organizations are free to criticize political Media outlets have won many cases by persuading a judge to dismiss them. But since they have succeeded in only 39 percent of the libel and privacy suits that have gone to a dip from 52 percent in the previous according to the Media Law Resource Center. The median damage award has increased fivefold since the to million. The figure includes three big verdicts over the last eight against Rolling Stone and The News Observer in These include libel and too early to say that the sky is falling on the press. But darkening. The high bar for winning a libel case in the United States was set in when the Supreme Court decided New Times v. In that widely hailed as one of the strongest stands for free a city commissioner who supervised the police in sued The Times over an ad in the newspaper signed by 100 civil rights supporters. The ad turned out to include minor factual errors. said its depiction of how the police responded to civil rights protests made him look bad. Under the rules at the a libel plaintiff was entitled to victory if he could show that the content that harmed his reputation was false. The jury agreed with on that point and awarded him in damages equivalent of about million With similar cases The Times pulled its reporters out of But when the newspaper appealed to the Supreme the justices threw out the verdict and set a far stiffer standard for proving libel. The court wrote that a public figure has to prove that a false and damaging statement about him was published with translated as or reckless disregard for the By the the number of libel suits and if suits did go to they frequently ended in defeat for the plaintiff. In two examples from that Gen. sued and the defense sued Time magazine. Neither man won damages. Those as well as losses in other a major deterrent for plaintiffs and their says executive director of the Media Resource Law Center formerly a lawyer for The New subject to the same market forces. They can treat suing the press as an with the payoff at a the expense and time required for the other side to produce documents and sit for depositions. In the magazine Mother published a story about the billionaire Frank a major donor to a that supported the Republican presidential Mitt In in response to a he sponsored billboards that public television promote the homosexual lifestyle to your The magazine wrote that a gay Peter and and his reporting after he helped break a story in 2005 about a history of pedophilia by a Boy Scouts camp counselor in Falls. The portrayal of was based partly on several ads that he placed in The Falls Post Register. was upset at the implications for the Boy and the ads called a and attacked him for having personal ax to sued Mother for libel over the article. wanted to give me a public beating because I made a sizable donation to Mitt he told me. who owns an also said the Mother article cost him customers. Over three years of which included turning over internal Mother racked up about million in legal fees. Insurance cover the whole cost. suit was a huge drain on editor in chief of the told me. still digging our way Judge finally threw out suit in finding that Mother statements about him were either substantially true or opinions protected by the First Amendment. But took the unusual step of including a section in her opinion partially supporting his underlying accusing the magazine of rather than recognizing its approach as squarely within the tradition of investigative journalism. Despite his declared himself and announced that he was creating a of True Liberty to aid other people who want to sue the The fund has grown to between million and he told with five times that amount so that soon as something hits we think is worth we can go after It was another Peter who realized the full potential of bankrolling other lawsuits. an influential figure in Silicon Valley who was a founder of and sits on the board of is now an adviser to Trump. and other Silicon Valley executives were regular targets of aggressive reporting and mockery. In the site ran an article titled Is Totally sue on his own behalf. But he secretly paid a at least million to sue Gawker on behalf of a suite of plaintiffs. Neither or Harder will say how many suits but Harder has filed at least five against the website and its writers and editors. also represents Trump in a million suit in the United States against the tabloid The Daily Mail and a for calling her an When role was revealed by said his goal was about revenge and more about specific Asked in about his would have turned it into this very different that this billionaire trying to squash the First declined to comment for this Last while role remained one of the suits he funded went to trial in The the aging Hulk sued Gawker for violating his privacy by publishing a brief video clip in 2012 that showed him having sex. whose real name is Terry G. testified that he was emotionally devastated. Yet when he learned of the existence of the sex tape seven months Hogan appeared on joking about having sex with common for judges to dismiss privacy suits when the plaintiff has encouraged news interest. In a preliminary ruling before the Court of Appeals said that Gawker posted the sex tape as part of an public citing appearance on and later on Stern But Judge who presided over the instructed the jury to decide for itself whether the publication of the sex tape was offensive to a reasonable and of legitimate concern to the The jury seemed to channel the low regard for the press when they awarded Hogan million in damages. just about punishment of these individuals and one juror told after the trial. had to do it enough where it makes an example in society and other media Within two parent company declared bankruptcy. Gawker was sold and ceased publication. In the since New Times v. the United States has often held itself up to the world as a beacon for the free press. libel the theory protects writers and publishers better than the laws of countries like where easier to win a libel judgment. Yet giant jury awards topple publications in the United The country has an unofficial damages cap of about legal publishers in treat compensating someone whose reputation they have harmed as a cost of doing business. And less risky for them to apologize for a story that turns out to be wrong. are limits on damages for malpractice suits against says dean of the Law School. not for tempting to treat demise as unique or deserved. But a false form of a former editor of the Tom argued in August. Every publication prepared to absorb the damage when it makes a he wrote on Gawker. covert campaign against Gawker did was to invisibly change the terms of the risk The told his is that live in a country where a billionaire can put a publication out of new here are two forces squeezing journalism like pincers. The first is a figure like willing to place bets on lawsuit after lawsuit until he hits on a winning combination of judge and jury. The second is the animosity toward the now fueled by the president. Juries tend to reflect public sentiment and have recently penalized not just an irreverent site like but also a newspaper doing investigative work. In The News which is more than 100 years went to trial over a libel claim brought by a former state ballistics agent in North who sued regarding two articles from 2010 that included by independent firearms that she had falsified evidence to help prosecutors win a murder trial. The agent said that the suspicions were untrue and that she was effectively being accused of a crime. The News Observer stands by its reporting. But the jury found against the paper and ordered it to pay the amount exceeded the cap on damages and is likely to be lowered to million. The News Observer plans to appeal. In the week before the a writer for followed the Trump which meant sitting in the pen where reporters were confined at rallies. He realized that the function was to turn the press into a prop. he imagined Trump saying to his fans. rounded up a passel of those elites you detest. And caged them for Trump has continued to treat the press as a or a punching since his election. The weekend after his he railed against The New Times on Twitter for its and highly inaccurate coverage of the Trump thrives on media but also clear that as the press sinks in the any tough coverage of him will come to seem less credible. The media also serves as an receptacle for blame. Asked on why immigrants and have expressed fear of his Trump reckon with any of his own statements. He think built up by the Whatever feelings about the New Times v. will surely survive his presidency. The case is and in the last several the Supreme Court has moved to not the reach of the First Amendment. And states have taken To prevent people from using the and the discovery to silence or retaliate against their 28 states and the District of have enacted laws the acronym stands for lawsuit against public that Trump could appoint judges who would find a way around the usual press protections. More he could ask his Justice Department to prosecute journalists who report leaks from his administration. Justice Department investigated but charge also possible that the press will be a meeker watchdog because of subtler changes that are harder to track. As the head of the executive the president exerts a great deal of control over access to information. Federal agencies have power to shape the state of the they also describe it for us by producing reams of facts and which in turn shape our assessment of our elected leaders. Trump could hire people who cancel funding for government reports or research that serve his or who suppress findings the administration like. The new president will be a man who constantly accuses the media of getting things wrong but routinely misrepresents and twists facts himself. single goal will be to burnish their predicts of the Trump administration. There are of new efforts to harness the law to the cause of cowing the press. choice for chief ran the News Network before joining campaign last summer. announced last week that it was a lawsuit against a major media for calling a Even if is the threat will discourage other news outlets from using that term to describe and that will in turn help and seem more acceptable to the mainstream. Trump was right about one You have to win every case to advance in the larger legal war.
Trump is a man of many amazing someone who never met a hyperbole he like. The truth can be a hazy thing in real estate and even taxes. But golf is supposed to be different. Golf lives in and is governed by a strict honor code that players rigidly follow. Or at least they should. And so it is in as most everything else with where the line between fact and fiction is has bragged about having a handicap of three. For this number was accepted with little public probably because nobody cared enough to investigate it. once reported his handicap as with the caveat that he has yet to produce a signed scorecard as proof. But mostly word was Republican presidential nominee lists his handicap as 2.8 on the US Golf Golf Handicap and Information making him an extraordinary golfer at any age but truly phenomenal for someone who is 70. And it raises the how likely is this claim to be Is it yet another story of virility fabricated by a man who has a long history of distorting Trump has lost tens of millions on golf accounts show Read age should not be an impediment. the director of course rating and handicapping for the Northern Golf Association in Pebble said in an email that the organization runs many events for senior golfers over 65 and of three and under and not the assistant pro at Golf located two miles from the US Capitol building where Trump will take the oath of office if agrees. In he there are golfers who show up at with legitimate three is a someone who has a schedule like said. almost someone who can play almost professionally. not somebody who has a schedule like who come through the clubhouse with three handicaps are usually retired. in and out of said. And they are also men who have been playing their entire probably starting as teenagers and who either played in college or somehow found a way to play nearly every day through very remote that someone could do this with the schedule he are many tales of Trump bending the rules on the golf course. Last former Sports Illustrated managing editor Mark told the Post that once playing with Trump in the he realized that Trump had placed a ball just feet from the pin that he had never hit. the guys I play with cheat all the said Trump told him. have to cheat to keep up with Trump had no idea what the Cup was. We Read same story referenced an interview Cooper did in 2012 in which the rock star a regular golfer answered a question about the worst golf cheat he had ever played with by played with Trump one all going to be the first politician to massage the truth of his athletic prowess. Bill propensity for taking golfing parlance for which are not strictly permitted under the is well documented. World came away with one of the scoops of the 2012 election cycle when it caught Republican candidate shaving more than an hour off his marathon time. When former North leader played the first ever round of golf on the championship course at in state media reported that the Dear Leader finished with an score of including no less than five Trump clearly has some talent as a as seen in this 2011 video. But his claim of a three handicap is hard to especially when his 20 most recent scores on his index are mostly from 2014 and stretch back to 2009. Even assuming he did not include his best not the kind of record you would see from a with a reputation as a scratch it might just be yet another golf 
Twice a week we publish problems that will feature in a forthcoming Dear advice column in the Guardian so that readers can offer their own advice and suggestions. We then print the best of your comments alongside own insights. I am in the strange position of applying for a job I want. I work in a tiny team in a small company that is expanding and consequently our workload has increased so a senior position has been advertised in our team. The role includes responsibilities I do not want to take on as I want additional but the job description also includes areas in which I am acknowledged as being the company expert. a niche industry so these skills are not directly My boss is aware that I think some aspects of the job are within my skill but has advised me to apply anyway. I think this is a benchmarking but I have to accept that I would not be happy if the job went to someone I felt was less qualified than know how to approach the application and interview in these circumstances. How common are benchmarking interviews and what would you you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply 
When relinquished her political dream at the Hotel on her voice barely quavered. She exuded grace and resilience. The woman has a true gift for giving losing of her who began demonstrating on the streets to protest yearned to hear something however. They would have preferred at least a dash of the defiant tone that struck in her famous commencement address. In that she talked proudly about how the women in her class were too young to know what was They were going to reshape the ruling a pledge that remained some her defeat was despite all the polls that showed the White House well within her grasp. She has been under sustained attack from the right since her husband was elected governor of in 1978. No one has been more reviled for a longer period of time in politics. Although she did not run a flawless the baggage from all the attacks proved too heavy and caused the historically low trust and numbers that proved insurmountable. It made the task of the coalition too daunting and depressed Democratic turnout in key battleground states. Twitter concession know her band of critics seized on her overt feminism and her clinging to her maiden name and legal career. In order to calm them over the next 40 there were several name changes to to plain style transformations frumpy dresses to the pantsuits and new of and political sea changes from first lady both and the United to US senator to secretary of state to presidential distinguished service in those posts only inflamed her haters and the constant earned suspicions from the Democrats who should have supported her that she was Her excellent performances in all the debates in 2016 were overshadowed by calling her nasty Her fierce determination to seek the presidency a second eight years after being defeated by in the Democratic was seen as evidence that she was relentlessly ambitious. Her perseverance and resilience were mistaken for power all of this the shadow of phony scandals followed beginning with a losing real estate venture called Whitewater and ending with her private email server. director intrusion into the coming right as was catching a wave of seemed to seal her fate. All of these strands combined to create a literal situation and her final quest may have been doomed from the beyond obvious to point out that almost all of the criticism and rage focused on her was laced with sexism and involved double standards. When she stayed in the went into listening mode and eagerly worked with male Republicans during her Senate got a respite. As secretary of she was subservient so the hate quieted too. Her position as one of the most admired women in the world was restored. But every time she sought the big prize for in 2008 and the hatred and caricatures came roaring back. Twitter Why elected of dollars fortified the movement. Just months after she stepped over the White House threshold as first a conservative magazine funded by the portrayed her as a in black regalia and a pointy hat. Conservative groups like Judicial Watch came after her with lawsuits. She and her husband had dared and succeeded in breaking the Republican hegemony the right had established during the years. Their fury consumed through the failed attempt to impeach Bill of the enemies who delighted in attacking her over the decades worked directly for including Roger Stone dates back to the Whitewater and who came from the newer media News. He was campaign chairman and is said to be a favorite for White House chief of staff. A campaign low was when Trump brought the women who alleged mistreatment by Bill and tormenting from his supposed to the second even more than her incited the anger of what she rightly labeled And no one understood its structure and sharp contours better than her. To arm she did what she always she studied. She turned to trusted advisers for like a journalist who wrote a respected book about the conservative movement and to a turncoat whose journalism had once been funded by were for trying to fight fire with fire and building a liberal armada to fight back on behalf. But she was always letters to expressed occasional despair over the attacks and wearying ethics all of which have melted away without any charges. She told one of her am just so tired of all But she always battled feminist writer author of the famous book also recognized the daunting nature of the fight. Shortly before the she wrote in the New left needs to acknowledge what the right has long that a fiction to think we can move on beyond the brawl of the without settling settling it requires helping triumph once and for all against the calumnies that were created to define as the face of this her name was coupled with and Trump some dressed in orange or striped prison demanded she be jailed even shouted that she be Now that they helped bring about her political they will surely move on to other targets. The endless investigations of will at end. has not said a word since the election about putting her on is hard to be the first woman in any position of but was more than ready to grab the ultimate prize. On in the glass encased her had everything set for even confetti shaped as glass shards. The hardest glass ceiling was about to confetti never fell and at the age of finally faced the cold reality that she see as a student in it was not possible. elections 
gaze was fixed upon her cellphone as she emerged from her motorcade at the County airport. you see the big she turning the camera towards the 737 she was about to board for the final day of her was speaking with her through love the Democratic candidate said as she signed was a peaceful start to an otherwise frenetic day. was set to blitz four cities in three battleground states to deliver her closing argument to with a final rally at midnight in North following 8 will determine whether breaks hardest glass becoming the first female president in is leading the polls the day before Not a clear or Read arrived at the airport 40 miles north of New City just as 55 members of the press had gathered at the wing of the plane for a group photo a bipartisan tradition among candidates at the close of a grueling campaign. Some had trailed the former secretary of state nearly every day for two key is to do as as the pack of journalists struggled to follow the instructions of a campaign Democratic nominee appeared relaxed on a day of many her last visits to a trio of states and North as a presidential her last voyage in the campaign plane that since 5 has crisscrossed the and her last opportunity to deliver a closing argument to the their chance to quiz the also perhaps one last the press corps swiftly surrounded her the moment the photos were snapped. Did feel the public was finally ready to accept one reporter think I have some work to do to bring the country referring to the aftermath of a bitterly fought but leaving the role her gender has played in the perception of her over the last 25 really do want to be the president for she who vote for people who vote against these divides that have been not only exposed but exacerbated by the campaign on the other are ones that we really do have to bring this country comments echoed the message she has taken to the stump in the final stretch as voters go to the polls. Surveying the crowds of thousands who have packed into outdoor parks and concert often queuing up hours in has sought to ease the concerns of a disenchanted will have some work to do to bring about healing and reconciliation after this she told voters in New on evening. Twitter for someone who and Jay Z back as woman for sentiment is in some ways a testament to a confidence on part despite the narrowing of the victory is in sight. But cautious optimism is a better reflection of the mood projected by both the candidate and her still holds the key to path to victory. Early voting returns favor the former secretary of with Democrats Republicans in the swing states whose electoral votes must secure to reach the 270 that will propel her to the so she has lately dispensed with her usual stump choosing instead to lean heavily on the logistics of how the thousands of voters standing before her can translate their enthusiasm into action. There is a number they can text or a website they can that will provide them with the information they need to register to vote or find the nearest polling just going to work until the last vote is told reporters prior to departure on campaign has been bolstered by its ground game the product of her early and consistent investment in a vast infrastructure that in alone spans 81 field offices. This volunteers in the battleground states made nearly the campaign comprising and phone memo distributed by campaign on emphasized a strong turnout among and both core constituencies of the Democratic party. In more than one million voted roughly double the number who did so in the report said. And in North where Democrats were apprehensive about enthusiasm among black a spike in recent days meant nearly the same number of had cast their ballots early as did so four years remains is the impact of director decision to reopen the issue of her private email server a week and a half ago and then just as suddenly attempt to resolve the matter on with a statement once again clearing her of criminal said the campaign was that the matter is but herself has not mentioned the latest developments. Her campaign manager lamented over the weekend that the renewed controversy had distracted from but downplayed its impact on the palpable anxiety was nonetheless evident on the faces of many who had braved the crisp fall weather to get a glimpse of as she concluded her journey. Clutching campaign signs bearing one of trumps they jeered at the mention of her name. The Democratic candidate has rewarded them with a bevy of celebrity from and Jay Z to and and will perform at her rally in on on took the stage with a figure who has become for a very different reason. Khan became an overnight celebrity when he delivered a stirring speech at the Democratic national convention in holding up a copy of his pocket constitution and memorably telling have sacrificed nothing and no Trump went on to attack him and his wife in racially inflected terms. supposed to vote for because she is a woman. I won't Read on Khan shared an anecdote befitting the theme of healing. Khan was recently approached by a he whose son was bullied in school and told he would be out of She showed him convention which the boy proceeded to watch every day after facing yet more taunts from his classmates. With permission from the the teacher decided to play speech for the entire class. few days the mother asked you been And he Not after that Khan the thanked Khan for telling the story. really struck a chord with she said. are words that I would hope that all and particularly young would hear and elections 
immediate woes ended on with a letter whose five sentences signaled that troubles have only new emails show no criminal wrongdoing Read director of the has come under escalating and relentless criticism since he sent Congress a vague on 28 heralding a potential of the investigation into private email server. The original inquiry ended in after months of officials scouring communications while secretary of with the conclusion that her practices were but not brought what many viewed as a frightening intervention into a presidential election to a close. The Democratic presidential nominee will not face an recommendation for indictment over her stewardship of classified or not endangered his position at the head of the the episode has cost him his chief his cultivated assiduously in the for probity and judgment. Beyond the director the coda to the email inquiry has exposed the as a politicized a development with serious repercussions over the next several years. Trump spent much of the summer and fall attacking the as for failing to recommend only to reverse himself entirely after letter. Now that has ended the issue ahead of the the director has demonstrated himself to be an unreliable ally to who has loudly insisted on complete loyalty around him. Should Trump win the is likely to find himself either marginalized or unemployed. If position is unlikely to be much better. Sources within the have pointed to a visceral antipathy to within the as well as substantial support for Trump. earlier decision to publicly recommend no charges had spurred anger among employees disposed negatively toward and newest letter changes none of that sentiment. Now has restored that status quo again frustrating sentiments in his workforce. This he has seen his allies in abandon depriving of a bulwark against his loss of that bulwark is and will likely become visible in the near future. Beyond the email the also has had the the under some form of is in a bind. sources have already leaked that allegations against the foundation are given their source in a book by a author who provides little evidence. Should the fail to recommend another voters and congressional Republicans will presume bias in the bureau particularly since those Republicans have already stated intentions to keep a hypothetical White House under persistent investigation. Should the recommend voters and congressional Democrats will presume acted for political or caved to such motives within the bureau. may very soon himself be under investigation. a senator on the judiciary committee with direct oversight of the said early he was of forthcoming hearings into actions. After the latest Senator another judiciary committee Democrat and a consistent ally of the security said she found intervention more also called for a justice department review. Twitter Trump on and the herself has pointedly declined to say whether she would retain if she is elected. She too faces a political even in the event of victory on since firing could turn the director into a martyr for opponents on the right. chief aides are notorious for their long and her White House would likely view the as a or at least with extreme distrust. Her appointment of an attorney general would consequently fall under intense questioning about any tacit mandate to contain the bureau. email inquiry is chief's latest controversy Read political imbroglio coincides with his attempt to persuade Congress that sophisticated commercial encryption poses a security threat. He has now lost his chief weapon in that the benefit of the intervention into a presidential election has made fears of an assertive law enforcement and intelligence agency deciding the national agenda more salient than any PR campaign from privacy advocates ever could. It is a spectacular fall for He built his public persona as the man who stood up to pressure from W White House over mass surveillance. The real hidden from public view until showed to be significantly less but the persona was enough to persuade to elevate him to run the weeks after the Guardian began publishing material disclosed. After picked a fight with Apple over encryption and his judgment appeared has committed an unforced error that has drained his reservoir of goodwill in With the integrity in the faces several difficult if not in regardless of the vote in two elections 
As and squared off in the final debate of their Senate the discussion turned to the civil war. a former presidential candidate and member of the Senate intelligence challenged his understanding of the factions on the ground. a reverted to a familiar a Trump good people in a feedback loop of paranoia and hate Read just goes back to the same he Senator continues to support and it is shameful that he stands there with audience at one of nearly 20 mentions of the Republican presidential nominee during the debate. When next mentioned was quick with a rejoinder based on a famous rebuke of a verb and his answer to race in among the most closely watched in the could help determine whether Republicans keep control of the Senate. Democrats see the vote as a referendum on Trump. But mentions of the businessman underscored the potential limitations of using the top of the ticket to mount attacks down the has questioned how can endorse whom has called con untrustworthy with the nuclear and most vulgar person ever to aspire to the In recent polls have given the Democrat in part because Trump is trailing in by around three points. But with nine days left before Election is about seven points up on Trump in the than ideal both candidates spoke to the Guardian. said all along that these are less than ideal choices before why we need a senator willing to stand up to the next president no matter who it is even if from your own was speaking on the day the said the agency was reviewing emails that might be pertinent to the closed investigation into use of a private server while secretary of state. question now is will still trust as he has said in the he who spoke earlier in the week after appearing with at a rally in Coconut said there was no comparison between the Democratic and Republican presidential grateful that Senator connecting me to Secretary said. look at what been fighting for her entire and you contrast that to Trump. You talk about a contrast of both qualifications and temperament for who our next world leader is going to litany of inflammatory comments against the Gold Star parents of an war prisoners of war and more said it was to a lot of that continues to stand by lot of people had the courage to stand up to he noting the flurry of Republicans who withdrew their support earlier this month after a video was unearthed from 2005 in which the former reality star bragged about groping and kissing women without despite condemning was not among them. He has kept Trump at a making no campaign appearances with the nominee despite his frequent presence in Twitter campaigns with in Coconut Creek. rationale rests primarily in the balance of the supreme where the vacancy left by remains. In the doubted whether Trump would nominate a conservative. He told the Guardian a list of potential appointees released by Trump was have to wait and see who wins the election and whether actually do said. be held to the same whether a Republican president or a Democrat president looking for people that will apply the constitution according to the original intent of the words of the also expressed confidence that he would be judged on his own record. Saying his opponent lacked any legislative accomplishments despite having served in Congress for four touted his own work on issues such as human sanctions against and and veterans if he would be willing to work with he stopped short of naming potential areas of agreement. have a record of working with people across the and work with anyone if pursuing ideas that I think are good for he whose time in Congress has been been spent in the denied he had little to show. He listed funding for the preventing cuts to a key component of and securing lower flood insurance and stated his commitment to issues such as climate equal pay and raising the minimum has nonetheless struggled with a lack of name compounded by limited resources after national Democratic groups withdrew millions of dollars in reserved ad spending. The decision has drawn criticism from some for its apparent abandonment of a race many believe is winnable. Others complain of a missed opportunity to deliver a fatal blow to whom many believe will make another run for the potentially challenging in 2020. But some involved in efforts to retake the Senate defended their citing expensive media markets in comparison to battlegrounds such as and North where money can prove more influential. do think the threat of him running for president in 2020 is a Senate Democratic strategist said of our goal is to take back the Senate and win the White House right now. not running a campaign for height of Twitter and meet to debate at College in earlier this week. Democratic strategist familiar with the Senate race said internal polling conducted by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee and the campaign showed trailing by high single digits. On gave an chance of defeating finding the sitting senator ahead in 48 of 50 public polls. On two new polls showed up by eight and nine to reinvest in the race did pay some dividends last when a Super affiliated with Senate minority leader Harry confirmed it was transferring a sum to a super in has largely had to rely on earned media coverage and the most vocal has been who called support for Trump height of can you call him a and and object to all the controversial things he says and then still gonna vote for said at a campaign stop in the sign of somebody who will say do pretend to be just to get elected. And you know If willing to be anybody just to be then you have the leadership that needs in the United States has also urged voters to back and made a familiar his has not been afraid to stand up to Trump and his divisive Trump's ghostwriter on being the who made a monster Read may prove too too late. For one has a solid base of support among many of whom identify with the son of immigrants and in 2012 accounted for of electorate. ramped up his outreach to the community somewhat some say. In doing he sought to revive involvement in a comprehensive immigration reform bill in noting that the senator backed away from the issue when faced with backlash from has been an uphill battle. In Little at one of 81 field volunteers labored to get out the vote. Dozens of mostly entered and left the them were and Originally from they were motivated in part by resentment of Trump and said they would vote for They did not support they said. But they also did not plan to vote for Their They heard of elections 
The case against two former aides of the New Jersey neared its end on as prosecutors argued that the traffic chaos caused by lane closures on the Bridge in 2013 was designed to punish a local mayor for withholding his endorsement of the think any of this would have been done without the direct knowledge of asked prosecutor Lee way it was a cruel and callous Prosecutors claim the scheme was a direct response to Mayor Mark of Fort a who refused to endorse the Republican bid. Fort Lee is on the New Jersey side of the bridge that connects the state with New misconduct complaint to be reviewed for indictment Read news of an alleged plot and surfaced in early offered a denying any knowledge of the events and pronouncing himself by the abject of his aides engaging in such a the credibility of those assertions has been if not by six weeks of testimony delivered by members of that prosecutors described as a of Federal prosecutors produced a text sent by former deputy chief of staff and one of the two defendants during the press conference. just flat out the case against and Bill deputy executive director at the Port Authority that administers crossings to is prepared for jury the one witness the court did not hear from is testified that she talked to the governor twice about the lane closures while they were under including once when she passed along that had asked whether the lanes were closed for said that a former official at the Port Authority and the admitted mastermind of the lane closure told her in 2013 that he was working with Port Authority engineers and police on a also said there were explanations for emails and texts that prosecutors offered as evidence that she participated in the scheme that appears to have begun on 12 August when she received an email from have an issue to discuss with extraordinarily weird even by my then wrote to for some traffic problems in Fort argued words meant precisely were not about a traffic study. They are a direct view into minds of the infamous replied it wrong that I am after described in an email how school buses had been caught in the traffic chaos. explained she was simply pleased that her was a key the star testified that he got approval for the scheme from and He said was told about the traffic in Fort Lee on the third day of the gridlock during a 11 memorial event. Twitter Bill arriving at the federal courthouse in is jointly accused with Rich said his job was to serve the interests of his only constituent his former high school the bad cop when it was necessary to move something forward. It was my expectation that I would be testified that told about the traffic congestion but denied knowledge of it. Mike one of closest political also testified saying he told in 2013 that and campaign manager Bill knew about the lane closures. But the presiding judge in the D said prosecutors do not have to prove that defendants intended to punish in order to convict on nine counts of conspiracy and fraud connected to the scheme and its the the trial has been damaging for as he was reportedly passed over as running mate in part because of the shadows thrown by trial has also offered a fascinating glimpse into an administration that could effortlessly reward retribution. An email by revealed in court said the administration considered the Port Authority a to distribute money and jobs. described how aides first tried to win his endorsement with including trips to the partially constructed World Trade one of the flags that had flown over Ground and lengthy lunches at the mansion in when indicated he would not endorse the the mood abruptly changed. testified he had tried to reach including but was stonewalled. later told jurors he had asked himself 1,000 times why he did not call the mayor back. listened to he said he was forced to conclude only plausible for the closures someone is mad at will begin deliberations on 
on on via more sharing on on on on on followed a consumer from hospitals and pharmacies may someday be compiled into an electronic health record accessible any time. But key steps need to be taken before this can Hero experience will one day have the convenience of hailing an car. That if innovators like Jay get their the and of the medical practice imagines most routine needs will someday be taken care of with a few taps on a That includes diagnosing common communicating with doctors and scheduling procedures. The tedious and process of driving to an filling out forms and waiting to be examined will be mostly eliminated. Many clinicians will make themselves available via text or video this to the trail of data that has followed consumers disjointedly from offices to hospitals to pharmacies must be aggregated into a unified file accessible at any experts say. These electronic health records will likely live on the servers of major computing giants that specialize in protecting sensitive a paradigm. And key steps need to be taken before it can happen. Data is already working on it. allows users to communicate with doctors by phone call or email message. Patients open the and describe their symptoms. A doctor pinpoint the email a prescription to a pharmacy or provide a service had been available only through but recently added a option. is planning to expand because increasing numbers of health practitioners want care to happen just like this a patient experience increasingly digital and Consumers may eventually have a master a la a account or a credit comprised of aggregated data and activity. And different providers will use that data to improve change cities and insurance companies. To have you tethered to some primary doctor in who has all your records make says. need to have a relationship with a primary care service that pretty much exists in the accessible at any Bob chair of the department of medicine at the University of says this type of innovation will improve treatments. seeing you in the emergency I really need easy access to your past medical problems and and going to get better care as an individual if I have to search and cobble it which is the way it is he explains. doing it truly at scale is just not doable right now because all the records live in one privacy and our digital selves Read progress in scaling digital health includes the unveiling of the that the search engine introduced in Users input symptoms that the bot compares against a library of and a diagnosis is presented to a doctor who can take things from the founder and executive director of the University of Southern Center for Body says that about of will be in the form of what she calls delivery diagnostic The remaining will be in the form of the traditional the analysis of large amounts of data will also allow human doctors to quickly compare cases of people who have had similar conditions and vision somebody reaches out to us abdominal pain. So everybody with abdominal pain gets the same 28 says it would be cool to show doctors all the patients who answered like this for of them have not appendicitis. a pretty cool use of The possibilities seem endless. a population if trying to find out the best treatment for patients with the ability to do clinical research that lets us see a billion diabetics and adjust things that might explain a difference in outcomes an enormously important thing to be able to on the technology solutions like and Melody the toughest challenge. the issue is pushing widespread change in a notoriously fragmented and some research that says once a best practice has been accepted and validated by the physician it takes at least 10 to 15 years to percolate into everyday practice throughout the says is you think about as a system and the experience of the user as a you realize our experience is very choppy and expensive and adds founder and what I think is very important is to create a notion of cites Amazon as an example. The company took the disparate pieces of a retail experience and brought everything to a single using data to continuously improve. The is to bring that same virtuous cycle to of there are the security concerns. A US Government Accountability Office report showed that in electronic health records suffered some form of breach. says challenges for hospitals and offices will result in data being held in a few massive storehouses. what hearing from the IT security folks that in the all data is going into a very small number of central repositories that do this for a he says. thinks things will never be so an inherent of convenience and better outcomes weighed against privacy and security problems. Yet endgame here seems pretty he says. some all will be connected for a given patient. Their ability to monitor things at home be that hard. be seamlessly connected to their to the to the pharmacy. But guessing be 10 years or more before all fully a done This content is paid for by 
a who revolutionized night life in New with weekly dance parties he gave at his downtown beginning in died on at his home in He was 72. The New City medical office said it was investigating the cause. called most influential figure in night life by the music journalists Bill and Frank in their book Record brought to his night gatherings the values of the an fascination with sound technology and a voracious appetite for all styles of music. The parties at the as apartment came to be became a rite for the underground. From midnight until 6 sound system delivered an eclectic musical mix to an audience that one tenant in his talking to a New Times reporter in called of the more bizarre segments of our A party was a dream of love and gay and young and and singles and all mingling ecstatically in an space. you had the civil rights movement going you had gay liberation going told the website Red Bull Music Academy Daily in had all these movements going on. All this music that was coming from all different it was all over the place. As long as you had a neutral place where people could come and just enjoy there was such incredibly good The parties provided the model for dozens of clubs to notably the Paradise Garage in and the Warehouse in and decisively influenced the culture and musical styles associated with from disco onward to the worlds of and started to gravitate to the Loft when they were finished with their own parties for the and it was there that some of the most influential of the future Tony Morales and many more would learn about the sonic and social potential of the the author of Saves the A History of Dance Music wrote in an email. was born on in His known as placed him in an asylum for children two days after he was born. She took him back in when he was 5. He was the product of a love affair his mother had had while her was serving in the military. dropped out of high school and in 1962 moved to New where he worked a variety of jobs before renting a on near in 1965. He enjoyed playing records for friends and invested in a sound system that featured two pairs of known for maintaining clarity even at high volume. Economically decided to issue invitations and sell tickets for what were essentially rent parties. The on Day bore the title Love Saves the whose initials were significant. the end of 1970 you squeeze anyone else and it stayed like that for four and a half told a professor of cultural studies at the University of East for his book. remember when we had the first blizzard and people walked from over the did not call himself a He shrank from the limelight. His goal was to disappear into the music and allow its power to transform the audience. A he played records from beginning to untouched and unaltered. Responding to the energy of the he orchestrated a wave of with an integrated light that lasted until dawn. Evenings were structured in three a term that Timothy had taken from Book of the to describe the phases of an a peaceful embarkation leading to followed by a calm into the real world. musical tastes were adventurous. would play everything from jazz to classical and everything in he told the website in 2003. As the parties caught his nod of approval could move a record commercially. by the saxophonist became a hit after began playing and he gave early exposure to dance records like La by Original and featured on the soundtrack of the film Night was amazing to go to a place that was playing records never heard before and putting them together in a way never heard said who covered the disco scene for The Village Voice. heard connections between very different songs and musics and could put them together over a period of creating a sense of movement through the night that was In helped create the New Record for distributing promotional records among the growing population of It would then send information on how the records were being received back to the companies. feedback would be just two personal reaction and floor he told the record label would go back and redo it or whatever until they got it The Loft shifted location several times. After trouble with other tenants and the Buildings moved to Prince Street in in 1975 when that building was moved again in to the eastern fringes of the East where the dangers of the neighborhood discouraged attendance. Rising rents and gentrification chased him from one location to the next for several years. later limited his parties to five or six a year in New at a rented and collaborated with organizers in and to present parties. There was no immediate word on survivors. approach remained the same. to support a he told the newspaper in 1998. that simple. I always like and I always like people being
In and a team of from New City into the heart of the to undertake a study of daily life in an ordinary The approached their mission in much the same spirit that entered the Heart of Darkness to look upon denizens of middle as an anthropologist might chronicle the strange customs of another many sociologists were willing to discuss dispassionately the quaintly patterned ways of behaving that make up the customs of for many others it was distasteful to turn with equal to the of their fellow nothing can be more enlightening than to gain precisely that degree of objectivity and perspective with which we view savage happen upon by chance. they scoured the country in search of a city representative as possible of contemporary something that could stand in for the whole of culture. In the bestselling book they published five years which would become a classic work of they did not name or any of its citizens. They simply called it the past six the idea of the out there has been the preoccupation of most journalists. First during referendum and then as Trump ran away with the Republican commentators opined from the metropolis while reporters ventured to the parishes to the white working class. Editors charged their employees with finding out why are so what has made so what is driving erratic electoral the real problem is baked into the are not know views are not often heard in newsrooms and know it. And so the journalist swoops in for a day or armed with reports and expectations and finds the angry and disaffected people they are looking for. The reporters question their subjects on the holy trinity of identities and but only one at a time and then they find some local rarely people of and hurry back to the office. Pundits speculated whether could win when it turned out she even win protagonists of any given story are easily slotted into already existing archetypes soccer white van men and placed within a narrative arc that makes sense of their a revolt against the or why the right must embrace or how the left needs to learn values. And then election night arrives and the whole thing collapses under the weight of its own before starting all over again the next day with the hasty construction of a new narrative to explain what came to in the path of the although not necessarily in their in the hope that I might do something a bit different. Like I did not happen on by chance. It sits in a swing county both and W Bush won it twice and voted for both Trump and Sanders in their respective rejecting the pleas of both party establishments. It seemed like an ideal place to avoid the spectacle of a presidential election which had at one speculating about whether could win when it turned out she even win arrived on the night of the second debate to find people more embarrassed than angry. Looking for a I went to the Fickle a bar in where the three screens were set to either football or baseball. the put the debate on for me with the sound down and two of us watched it with subtitles. It was two days after news broke of Trump bragging about grabbing women the when his election prospects were understood to be I left town a month Trump was putting together his transition team and meeting in the White House. On election a small crowd had gathered in the Fickle Peach. The results were on every with the sound turned as the liberal some watched the certainties of just a few hours earlier evaporate their hopes crushed in real state by woke to a new normal. The object of our derision would soon have the nuclear codes. but respect for the the office and its superseded the moral issue of what the victor had said and done en route to victory. Many of the very same people just the day said he was unfit for now told to unite around him. those who had not seen any of this coming confidently told us what we had seen and what would be coming next. had spoken. For reasons to do with elitism or all of the above it had made common cause with a garish New City multimillionaire to send a message to the establishment. Reporters were dispatched not to test this thesis but illustrate the arrived in 92 years ago to begin their they had more resources and more time than are generally available to a newspaper reporter. They had two research and they stayed for the best part of two years. They published their findings in 1929 with a detailed portrayal of a town becoming less devout and less more educated and more where women were less likely to bake their own bread and more likely to work outside the young people led more independent public speeches were getting shorter and schoolgirls preferred cotton to silk are coming to that we today are probably living in one of the eras of greatest rapidity of change in the history of human they concluded. The sentiment is all too familiar. Something is and faster than we thought possible. Trump follows as Marine Pen may follow Trump. Our political parties no longer seem capable of connecting with those they claim to our democracies are more fragile than we those institutions that make a functioning democracy possible the the police are less trusted than they now and these the natural tendency is to search for a mirror we might hold up to ourselves a reflection that tells who we really are in the midst of crisis and change. When the published it was immediately celebrated as an authentic portrait of real in dozens of rave and reprinted six times in its first year. The influential columnist in scientific the sort of lives millions of are Chase at the Nation magazine touches the book touches the heart of once claimed that ideally the best person to study would not be but a anthropologist with sufficient distance from his subject to fully understand it. he a foreigner would had a devil of a time in getting into being a regular fellow at Rotary and the Chamber of and generally do much hobnobbing though I did attend a swanky opening at an art gallery on campus. But I did have a dinner one night with some Republicans and enjoy a sandwich with some Sanders supporters. Stick around long enough and meet the Republican with who loaded his machines on to the lorry that took them to and the Democratic school board candidate who lost his brother to a drug overdose. see the gun show at the County Fairgrounds right next door to a cavernous hall where they are giving away coats so the poor go cold in the winter. hear a black candidate for local office choke up as she admits she will not let her husband accompany her canvassing for fear that he might get and meet Republicans who ask if is safe because the mayor is a and you carry a hear things that have nothing to do with the elections and everything to do with politics. that the reason this outcome was unimaginable has as much to do with our imaginations as the outcome itself. The seeds for this moment were sown long ago and the roots are result was the fallout was tumultuous and the consequences will be dire for even deadly. But the final stages of the process that led us here were less by anger than ambivalence. They poll for indifference. Few imagined we would sleepwalk into the abyss. Twitter The disused Warner factory in which once employed more than 5,000 men and women. for the disused Warner factory in which once employed more than 5,000 men and women Photograph country has a A real place made mythical by its elevation as an archetype a city or region that encapsulates what a country wishes it had a nostalgia rooted in a melancholic longing for economic stability and cultural then nourished by patriotic is a small town in eastern of around 70,000 that is on the way to nowhere in particular. On the inside cover of in the follow up written by after the a map lays out the human geography of the town. To the of the railroad tracks lie of business and a small college and to the of the tracks is the area also known as to the south of the tracks and the White River are of working Abandoned plants like giant art installations depict what capitalism looks like when it need people any could take this map and lay it on the town today and just the says the director of the Center for Studies at Ball State which occupies a far bigger section of the than it did on the it is now the largest tour around is complete without a visit to the sites of its closed factories. The car slows down to the pace of a funeral as your guide rolls past the tens of thousands of square feet of where abandoned plants sit like giant art installations depicting what capitalism looks like when it need people any more. used to host factories that mostly made transmissions for cars. One in five people in the town were employed in manufacturing today one in 10. During the 1960 John addressed workers at the Warner which is now everybody worked says who grew up in the poor white part of town. of my my parents. My grandpa retired from Warner. Everyone was affected. By the time I grew up it was all gone People started retiring early by 2000. By 2005 they were completely union jobs either went or to the south places where is cheaper and unions are weaker. In the meantime heroin and crystal have ravaging huge sections of the both black and white. According to the US a third of lives below the poverty while white male earnings have slumped dramatically since the university or the hospital second largest goes to hire a professor or a they put an ad in the local says draw people from around the world as applicants. So you have one part of this community that is plugged into these global networks and lives in a way that is not that different from a major metropolitan And then you have another part of the town that is more isolated than ever because those old things that connected like unions and the have withered and the connections they created have declined. So not only are some people paid poorly but not at all engaged with this global economy and these networks of connections that extend far and is as good a place as any to start understanding victory. Because just as almost every nation has a most western nations also have a Trump. in no small they have a Trump precisely because they have a and their is suffering. campaigned with Marine the leader of the Front National in was one of the first to congratulate him. Whether in the the in or in each applies the same mixture of patriotic class racial animus and economic insecurity to their own national link between economic anxiety and nationalism can be overdone. The easy narrative of a populist revolt has an appealing but won votes from more than half of the people who earn less than the rich voted for Trump. He won the electoral college and lost the popular vote. Thanks to the lowest turnout in 20 Trump won a lower percentage of the eligible vote than John John Mitt and Ford and they all lost. He got the same proportion of the white vote as in 2012 and Bush in 2004 and only a little more than in 2008. He may have led the charge to the right but comparatively few marched with is such a link inevitable. In several countries across from to a populist left response has emerged to this same crisis. In the US the senator who calls himself a democratic shocked including by mounting a dynamic insurgent campaign that addressed these very economic the link cannot be denied. The case for solidarity requires more effort and empathy than the case for scapegoating. It also flies against the prevailing headwinds of nationalism and a narrow understanding of Twitter arrives at Trump Tower to meet Trump. arrives at Trump Tower to meet Trump Photograph connection between closed factories and the rise of the populist right is threefold. people are desperate. They were desperate before the economic crisis. not that there are no jobs available in As well as the university and some new manufacturing jobs have arrived. But none can provide the kind of lifestyle to which previous generations were accustomed. Many of the houses on that are not abandoned are that a way life is disappearing. Some factory jobs cannot be filled because applicants cannot pass company drugs tests. I heard of at least one manager who is thinking of laying on a bus to get people to work because they have cars and public transport is need something to change. party just do the things always done and have incremental says who runs the Downtown Farm an organic food store and deli. very happy with incremental change. And the rest of the public is out here have time for incremental people blame the entire political class for making them desperate. Bringing down trade barriers and letting manufacturing move abroad was part of a western political orthodoxy that became dominant in the creating an overcrowded political and leaving so much room at the extremes. The North Free Trade Agreement was promoted and passed by Bill who also repealed the which deregulated the financial sector and contributed to creating the conditions that produced the crash of 2008. championed the an ambitious trade deal involving 11 other crafted mostly in which would not only have likely depressed wages but allowed companies to sue governments if they change policy health and education to services. vacillated on first backing then opposing it. In the wake of victory has now effectively abandoned Trump having campaigned heavily against also helps explain why who campaigned hard against did so well here. understand the trade said who voted for Sanders in the primary and then know what killed their jobs and that was And not only did it kill our jobs here but it exploited people and I think people are starting to understand how multinational corporations work. They move the jobs where people they can the issue was not simply about trade or to many voters in looked not only like an integral part of the establishment that had brought them to this but like a candidate advocating more of the same. you take a step back and look at all has achieved over the past eight remarkable to see how far argued. For many of those who already had their backs against the it was hard to see the progress. on the other offered the near certainty that something would change. least shake things was the phrase that kept coming up. One in five of those who voted for him thought he have the temperament to be president. For some who had little to he was evidently a risk worth Democrats keep making out like everything is says the publisher of the progressive magazine Voice. not. buying and perhaps most dramatic of people have come to feel they have no say about what is happening to their lives. That is why the slogan Back resonated with so many during the referendum. The nation state is still the primary democratic but given the scale of it is clearly no longer up to the that task of meeting the needs of its citizens. Voters see people coming through borders they close and jobs leaving that they save and wonder how they can assert themselves on the and his are often described in as a threat to democracy. But in truth they would be better understood as the product of a democracy already in crisis. Twitter Photograph by for the Photograph were keen to concentrate on issues of and sought out a town with a in order to avoid forced to handle two major racial change and cultural So one of their key criteria for selecting as was that it had small and The population really was small because the local business class deliberately imported workers from and was a conscious attempt to keep foreign workers says they wanted people to go home during slack times and they were worried foreigners would bring in dangerous So like a fairground gave an image of itself that was both familiar and woefully black was not small. At it was proportionally higher at the time than New or and growing faster as well. Today it stands at of the population. try to unmask this myth about class. But what it did was create this other myth about a representative a white says a historian at and the author of The Averaged like a fairground gave an image of itself that was both familiar and woefully distorted an image that the preferred to reality. That says is enduring. It can be found in praise of the in 2008 or ad morning again in in most of pledge to great a phrase first employed by in persistence has been unaffected and perhaps even strengthened by the increasing diversity of the population. As the white population shrinks in relation to other some people keep their whitewashed image of the country alive by finding ever more desperate ways to dismiss the existence or validity of few days before the when reports of huge turnout for early voting presented the false promise of a the troll tweeted that only people with at least 4 grandparents born in were Trump would win in a not that would mean neither whose mother is his children or his who is could was a key part of message and appeal. He branded vowed to build a wall on the border and to stop coming into the country. He complained that an federal judge presiding in a case against Trump University was because he was He threatened that he would not accept the results of the election because there would be voter fraud in the a term that Trump uses to refer to places where people live. When a black Trump supporter was booed at a rally in North presumably because the crowd could not imagine he was not there to Trump ordered security to throw the man out and called him was as electorally savvy as it was morally reprehensible. After eight years with at the at a time of heightened racial the white anxiety on which Trump preyed was ripe for sense of racial fragility was both local and real and imaginary. At white people will become a minority in around 25 the president is the black child of a relationship that involved a lapsed foreign the southern border is and black people are on the streets demanding equality before the law. terrorists are becoming ever more brazen and brutal in their attacks on western cities and the economy will soon be larger than the US military has failed to deliver victory in several and refugees are desperately fleeing the Middle East. Add all that to the stagnant falling living decreasing life and vanishing class and you can see how being a white feels like not what it used to few explicitly talk about in racial the base supporters are very conscious of being white in a country with growing the veteran Democratic pollster explained a few years ago. party is losing to a Democratic party of big government whose goal is to expand programs that mainly benefit minorities. Race remains very much alive in the politics of the Republican small talk over dinner with some Republicans in I asked one if he had any plans to visit He shook his head and said he feel comfortable in at the moment I assumed because of the threat of terrorism. The only place he would feel safe outside of he was the murder rate in was higher than in Twitter Former on Memorial Photograph by for the on Memorial Photograph the white working says who voted for the benefits of being white obvious. are afraid that stupid. This whole thing sexism. All this stuff is being stupid. All these isms are ignorance. People feel they feel sexist They feel because of their ignorance. You want to offend victory cannot be explained by racism alone. He won several states that took easily in 2008 and is in the precise place where race and class merge that a section of white finds itself both bereft and beleaguered. privilege is like a blessing and a curse if says. privilege pisses poor white people off because never experienced it on a level that they understand. You hear and you think money and opportunity and they have it. protected minorities they have advocates. But no advocates for poor Trump got almost of the white vote and performed poorly among every other racial group. Race was clearly a central fault line and how could it not in a country that slavery for 200 apartheid for the next and has been a democracy for only the last victory cannot be explained by racism alone and the efforts to understand race and class separately result in one misunderstanding them both entirely. to get to the bottom of appeal we will have to go beyond any interpretation of these results and adopt a more one that takes into account the fractious way a constellation of identities collide and of many things and so on and just one themselves. It is that whole not a segment of that goes to the polls and that we need to understand. won women but Trump won white women and older women. despite the fact that his campaign was steeped in lambasting women for their dismissing women who accused him of sexual harassment as and excusing his own boasts of assault as room He even passed judgment on telling a crowd in North walked in front of believe I the former spokesperson for the League of Women Voters of said a higher bar was set for than her male counterparts of the past. met a lot of women who detest her said who said she was not a herself. take credit for this statement but I heard someone gotten used to voting for males we like. held our nose and voted for them for whatever reason. But we used to doing that with a Our culture holds women to a higher once to isolate misogyny as the central factor in defeat would ignore the fact that of black women went for and black men were nearly twice as likely to vote as white women. Just as race alone cannot sufficiently explain the choices of Trump looking at only or only in the absence of cannot make sense of these people voted for Trump and younger for although young white men went to Trump. In another sign of the widening divide over education also visible in the vote college graduates were for those who did not attend or finish for Trump. An even starker partisan divide than gender or age was visible in the split between the rural and the urban fully grasp how identity played a role in this and clearly it did the challenge is not to try to isolate the as the but to include them. we trade the distortions of one fairground mirror for another. Twitter Detail of a rusty old Diamond T Truck from the early for the of a rusty old Diamond T Truck from the early Photograph age of party democracy has the late political scientist Peter declared in Ruling the his 2013 autopsy of hollowing of western the parties themselves they have become so disconnected from the wider society and pursue a form of competition that is so lacking that they no longer seem capable of sustaining democracy in its present situation is no less dire in than and it finds illustration everywhere you look in to its past as a manufacturing hub with strong unions and a reputation for machine was once known as Little The is big enough to have a political but small enough that most of the people in that machine have known each other since Democratic party is based at 214 North Walnut not far from the courthouse and City Hall the party establishment is referred to simply as 214. It drew its from the local fire department the current mayor was once a firefighter and it has a dynastic culture that would not be unfamiliar to the or Bushes. A few families have dominated the and their names still carry the unsuccessful candidate for county for is the sister of the county and both are the children of Ally who long held positions in a reformist caucus took shape within the Democratic calling themselves These were Democrats who wanted to disassociate themselves from what they saw as the incestuous and corrupt grip of the machine overseers. person had their own breaking explains who once held a senior position in the local party. just take it any Rose says that each candidate for local office had to pay of their salary to the party in order to and then annually if elected. Whenever she the party liked the money in much of it was never accounted at least six the has been investigating Democratic city government over allegations of corruption. In one it is alleged that the building commissioner the son of a local Democratic party grandee who is also a fireman gave his own building company more than of some of it for demolitions at addresses where there are no buildings. surprise me at says Rose. could see it coming years Democrat set up a separate action asked people to sign up to a code of and ran in Democratic primaries against establishment candidates. Their a more threadbare sits on the other side of City Hall from 214. Beyond the ethics Rose says there is little in the way of political difference between Team Democrat and the local although the reformists are possibly less and more likely to have supported election night last 214 looked like a wake. Presidential outcomes Republicans won a virtually clean from what should have been a closely contested US Senate to the down to the county commissioners. The only Democrat candidates that broke through in local races were from Team the primaries there was no doubt whose side 214 was campaign was based there. But beyond the where won there was little they could do for her. Sanders talked trade and and that message goes down well in Bit by bit during the the became committed and the committed became active. Sanders Democratic much like the maintained power but lost influence. Within the Democratic the had been cultivating connections for a generation. During the primaries they had the sewn after it they had the funders lined up. They had the best Lady past provided extensive evidence that she was but for her future presidency and the changes she might bring there was no narrative. In this period of despair and their offer of is not a winning can pin it on the the the third and they all played a role. But sooner or later moderate liberals are going to have to own the consequences of their politics. In this period of despair and their offer of is not a winning formula. For a political camp that boasts of its pragmatic it has quite simply failed to scripted but complacently the campaign emerged from a centrist political tradition at a moment where there is no offering solutions at a time when own base has begun to see the free market as part of the the machine does not need a it needs a complete overhaul. The people to whom failed to appeal wanted more from their politics than she would provide or was prepared to deliver. In economic injustice and class alienation are as much the reason why lost as why Trump won. He stoked his she failed to give her base look around and has capitalism done for the working says the Downtown Food Stand owner who voted for Sanders and then taken our jobs and ruined our infrastructure and increased our prices so If your job is good and you have good and you have then you understand. a very small group of people. And it happens to be the group of people who are in did not introduce racism to the modern Republican party. He simply refused to observe institutional half a Republicans had relied on which deployed a coded racial message that could bind together a formidable coalition of southern states and suburban white voters. have to face the fact that the whole problem is really the told his Bob key is to devise a system that that while not appearing had no problem although he focused his bigotry on and more than Some people voted for him because of this while others voted for him because it put them off. The Republican party establishment was terrified by it. Even with less inflammatory the party had been struggling to win the White the last few election the black Republican vote has all but vanished and the escalating rhetoric seemed certain to erase its share of the vote as well. The trend is Republicans are attracting fewer votes from a growing segment of the leaders have long been arguing that this trend is not sustainable. not generating enough angry white guys to stay in business for the long Senator Graham said in 2012. Then along came the erstwhile leader of the movement insisting that was not a legitimate because he had really been born in When people said they seen anything like this they actually been paying attention. he was more brazen than his predecessors. But he break the he adapted it. I hated Trump during the primaries. He was a Trump nomination was supposed to tear the Republican party asunder. When the primaries came to only and John were still in the and nomination felt like a done deal. He won in but most of the Republicans I spoke to there thought he was a deeply flawed lot of what done and said is said at a meeting of the Citizens of County for Good Government a local conservative group. would have been happier with almost anyone else. I wanted then then Trump would have almost been my last Most of the 12 in the group preferred another candidate. One senior Republican called him a who voted for called him and a hated Trump during the she said. was a the time I was talking to the the national press were writing premature obituaries for the Republican complete with circular firing squad civil war analogies and even comparisons to the last days of bunker. The local Republican party was also divided with the attacking the party establishment with the same kinetic energy and purist ideology I had seen in other Tea Party groups over the years. When someone threw a brick through the window of Republican the joke in town was that nobody knew whether the vandal was a Republican or a when election day the Republicans all voted for Trump because however they felt about they loathed and they enjoyed a of state and local races as the beginning I worried about whether she could says who cast her ballot for think if the Republicans had voted for John or we be talking about this now because I think a lot of people who are having a hard time voting for Trump would not have a hard time voting for a moderate had a point. Trump lost the popular vote which the Republicans have only won once since 1992. But this it turns out that the people who might have had a hard time voting for Trump had a harder time voting for an establishment Democrat like In the it was Trump who was lucky to have her as an opponent. Twitter Photograph by for the Photograph week before the the police chief in who also served as the chairman of the county Democratic party until late last year abruptly announced his resignation after 31 years on the force. In his resignation he singled out the actions of the who heads the city government currently being investigated by the as the reason for his sudden is now bracing itself for criminal indictments. People lower their voices a little and roll their eyes when they mention the investigation. They are but not really surprised. What I heard over and over again in the in many different ways in matters national and political and personal was ordinary people feeling that they were not getting a fair shake. That the news they get is that politicians are lining their own pockets and getting away with that nobody in power really cares about them and not a damn thing they can do about allegations of potential voter fraud were patently ridiculous. More people in are struck by lightning than impersonate other people at the polls. claim that the had its investigation into emails was clearly he withdrew it when they appeared to be reopening the case and renewed it again when they said there was no case to answer. But his incessant complaint that system is rang true. no longer have faith in the institutions that govern them. They may differ on why and in whose interests it is rigged. But the trust has places such as where the recovery has been glacial by comparison to or New the legacy of the economic crisis is more than just a distant memory. parents lost everything in says an lecturer at Ball State University. their home to put three kids and my mum through college. All of that work they put in and left with was Ring recalled. He set up the Down Town Farm selling organic much of it from local farms including their just before the financial crisis. first few years were very hard. We just got through it. Every dollar that we we put into this little store. not wealthy. We were totally when we started the store. It was half this size. We have the deli. Just a few things on the earlier this the City of announced that it was partnering with a major regional supermarket chain to help bring a new organic grocery store to town. competitor wants to come here one says Ring. to a We live here. Our profits are here. We pay our taxes just one story. But the sort of story that I was told more often than any other in And when enough voters have their own versions of this same story of grievances real and exaggerated their sentiments have to be firmly grounded in facts for them to be keenly felt and fervently acted upon. When a tiny conspiratorial minority believes the system is their problem. But when a majority believes then the system has a Follow the Long Read on Twitter at or sign up to the long read weekly email The view from 
Our Airways flight from to was and we were put on a flight to instead. The desk at airport assured us that would be informed that we had to get back to where our car was waiting for arrival at we were met by a friendly carer to help my who has difficulty and he took us to the desk as it was now was closing. A senior official told us to make our own way to get a receipt and send it to the airline. So we got a which cost At no time were we offered meal vouchers or told why our original plane had been sent these details to including a copy of the taxi and it acknowledged it had let us down. But it give an explanation as to why our flight was and liable to pay any consequential loss you incur due to the delay or It refused to pay the taxi fare and there was no offer of compensation. We have received a payment of with no explanation I assume to repay us for the seats we had on the original but this is of course less than what we paid. We feel badly let down by what used to be If it is any you are not alone in suffering from what appears to be a dramatic decline in customer service. airline is fast becoming least trusted if our postbag is to be believed. A few years ago we used to get almost as many letters praising it now is vying with as our most and is just about many readers are being promised one thing by staff on the presumably to get rid of them or get them on another only for the head office to later deny or ignore what was promised. it has got to the stage where I would urge readers to record or film any significant financial offer made by a staff member to get you off an overbooked or a promise of onward travel. Without this you are open to such asked the head office about your and it told the rare event of a flight being customers are always offered an alternative to get them to their destination as quickly as possible. By accepting a replacement customers accept responsibility for onward travel if this is official it begs the why were you told twice by staff that it would pay to get you back to We asked flight compensation specialist lawyer Co about and it said line was nonsense. is a blatant and scandalous disregarding of the it told us. a case where a city or region is served by several and an operating air carrier offers a passenger a flight to an airport alternative to that for which the booking was the operating air carrier shall bear the cost of transferring the passenger from that alternative airport to that for which the booking was made or to another destination agreed with the Co also said that you are probably entitled to in compensation under the delay rules. It has generously agreed to take up the matter on your behalf and waive its fee. This made an and has decided it will repay you the taxi but is still arguing that you are not entitled to delay else wrongly denied compensation should get a firm such as Co on the case. You should also complain to the Civil Aviation Authority. If enough people it may make the take some action. There is clearly something going on at on a major or similar that has led to the big rise in complaints. Perhaps someone who works at can enlighten Email the usual address please anonymity welcome letters but cannot answer individually. Email us at or write to Consumer the 90 Please include a daytime phone 
Worries about spying are nothing but the incumbent head of claim that now poses a huge threat in addition to the traditional arenas of chimes with a number of recent western assessments of hacking is activity out of sight with the Parker told the Guardian. has been a covert threat for decades. different these days is that there are more and more methods While the swiftly dismissed the allegations that hostile activity is a threat to Parker is not the first to voice concerns about activities. Last US officials made a surprisingly direct accusation that the state was responsible for hacking the Democratic servers. a growing threat to Read based on the scope and sensitivity of these that only officials could have these the office of the director of national intelligence and the Department of Homeland Security said in a joint analysts have followed the work of hackers known as Fancy Bear and Cozy believing them to be linked to intelligence agencies. in addition to the Democratic have allegedly included the a television and the World dismissed as the claims of interference in the US elections last little is known about the departments of the intelligence agencies. Their budgets and staffing levels remain top secret. a leading expert on the intelligence services and of a recent book about the in said he was not convinced hackers were directly working for the intelligence but were more likely retained on a freelance believe more about informal and The agencies are in a perfect position to approach the IT and ask to lend them some people to do sensitive and the industry is not in a position to say hacker arrested in last on an Interpol warrant and with could be such a analysts have promised a response to and some have speculated that an email cache belonging to a key released by hackers last could be the first sign of such a response. you can say you believe a government effort done by government in some way it helps to pressure your people to come up with some response. Right as far as I nobody knows what the appropriate response should the snooping by intelligence agencies is believed to be at least as invasive as that of the National Security Agency revealed by the US agencies are limited only by hence a recent law that requires websites such as and Twitter to move servers for users to soil. It is believed that the giants have not complied with the demand. A law passed earlier this year also obliges telephone and providers to store records of all communications for six months and all for three as well as help intelligence agencies decode encrypted messaging law even prompted to attack his protectors for the first time. He tweeted in Hacking is not the only nefarious activity possibly outsourced by the state. Western media articles about as well as and news sites inside are often flooded with suspicious comments. Many of them have been shown to originate from The most notorious of in St employed hundreds of people on to troll discussion boards and comment forums in and abroad. security and 
feminist message at rally for how far we've Read been a presidential campaign which has seen the music world taking sides with Kid Rock and a endorsing and pretty much every other musician who expressed a view throwing their weight behind either Sanders or the eventual Democratic has been one of the most vociferous and announced on that on night she would play an very small acoustic somewhere in for Further details have not been another recent Trump were elected we would be at war in no time at all. The whole world is laughing at us right now. I can only imagine what Trump writes in his emails. Wait can he even Wake up people this is not a reality show. I appreciate his charm and entertainment value but he is not qualified to be a head of Twitter This is not first intervention in a US presidential election. In 1990 she made a video encouraging fans to dressed in lingerie while wrapped in the stars and stripes. in a more ambiguous Twin also commented on the US election with a video to promote his first appearance in the country in over eight at Day for Night festival. Twitter Made by the company which has made visuals for musicians ranging from to and by the electronic music the video incorporates footage from the presidential debates including notorious line a nasty the faces folded up in signature visual style. It ends with footage of bombs falling on Twitter never used language as bad as Jay in my v the moral majority's attempt to defend the indefensible Read Trump has continued to attack Jay Z and after they performed for at a rally in on On in the Republican candidate language is so bad. As they were Was it talking or I know. But the language by both but the language was so that many of the people left. By the time got there was nobody it amazing that when Jay Z and use the filthy language they use in the songs using words that if I ever said those it would be the reinstitution of the electric They use these and then she comes on and hugs like everything is right. And yet with very elections 
How did Trump launch his presidential During an episode of The Apprentice He rode down an escalator into the lobby of a skyscraper bearing his name Trump used his to accusing of their worst to including criminals and The New Times reported on the launch as improbable quest for the Republican Via a series of heated tweets While over in a private jet During own official she accused her Republican rivals of singing same old Which hit was she referring The long and winding road Let it be Yesterday opening attack lines on her Republican rivals on climate equal rights for the economy and their threat to health care reforms Revolution While the Democratic race was soon dominated by and the had the busiest field for a century. How many Republican candidates were there in 10 13 17 Dropping out of the Republican race were Rick Bobby Mike Rand Rick and John 21 Who formally announced his own presidential bid by grotesque level of inequality is immoral. It is bad economics. It is unsustainable. This type of rigged economy is not what is supposed to be Trump Sanders The senator wasn't given much of a hope when he launched his campaign in May but ended up pushing hard for the nomination Rand Trump caused outrage with his proposal to ban all from entering the United following the terrorist attack. Which former President did Trump cite in of his Franklin D Trump told Good Morning doing is no different than referring to presidential proclamations made after Pearl Harbor which limited the rights of and nationals living in the United States. take a look at what did many years ago and he's one of the most highly respected he added. W Bush Name the Libertarian party candidate won just under of the vote as Libertarian party candidate in but polls suggest he could do a lot better this time around. Could affect the election with an unprecedentedly high Who were the Democratic and Republican winners of the and Trump Sanders and and was given notice that her journey to the nomination wasn't going to be as she won the caucus over Sanders by an extremely small margin. Trump and were the top three of a congested Republican field Sanders and Trump Trump's campaign continued to gather momentum his second place in was swiftly followed by victory in New Who elicited criticism from Trump by person who thinks only about building wherever they may and not building is not Mike Pope Trump responded by calling Pope comments pope said negative things about me because the government convinced him Trump is not a good he added. Which amendment to the US constitution came under fire from Trump during a rally in Fort The first amendment Trump pledged if elected president to up our libel laws so when write purposely negative stories we can sue them and make lots of The first amendment states that shall make no law abridging the freedom of or of the The second amendment The fourth amendment The fifth amendment was attacked by Sanders for making millions of dollars in speeches to private groups or companies after leaving office as secretary of state in 2013. What was standard After leaving office as secretary of state in embarked on a career speaking to securities firms and other financial institutions. Tax returns show that her minimum fee was per speech. Speeches given by to major Wall Street banks including were leaked by in and Bill earned in according to a tax filing released by her campaign. Trump has to released any recent tax returns. want me to condemn a group that I know nothing about. have to look. If you would send me a list of the I will do research on them and certainly I would disavow if I thought there was something What group was Trump talking Party Trump's comments came after the former urged to back Trump's campaign. know anything about Duke. I know anything about what even talking about with white supremacy or white Trump added. Golden Dawn Front National Sanders fought on against until late How many delegates did he win in 2,382 delegates were needed for the nomination 1,247 1,463 1,893 won with 2,814 2,205 pledged delegates and 609 2,128 Presumptive Republican nominee following the withdrawal of the other Republican Trump took time out from campaigning to visit the day after What did he they've made great they took back their country. That's a great Speaking during a visit to his golf Trump see it all over and many other cases where they want to take their borders back. They want to take their monetary back. They want to take a lot of things back. They want to have a country again. I think you are going to have this more and more. I really believe that. And it is happening in the United needs to be and I think this shows how strong they can so you for and so Trump's nomination as official Republican candidate at the convention was overshadowed by a controversial speech by Trump's Trump. Whose 2008 speech was she accused of Warren's A junior aide eventually took the blame for including lines in the speech Which of the following stars did not appear at the Democratic national Weaver Stone The lineup also included and Who did Trump claim bin Laden The comments came during a rally in is the founder of He founded I would say the would be Crooked came under fire for a speech in which she claimed of Trump's supporters are you name How did she describe The of depravity The cave of unacceptability The underbelly of evil The basket of In a statement released the following the Democratic presidential nominee repeated that she was being but expressed regret for was The second televised presidential debate was overshadowed by a tape in which Trump was heard using obscene language to brag about groping women. can do he boasted to a host. The host in question is a cousin of which former Bill W Bush Billy Bush was sacked by Today show following the release of the 2005 recording Jimmy Carter Which website did team dub a arm of the after the site released slew of hacked emails from campaign chairman John Today are no media spokesman tweeted at are a propaganda arm of the running interference for their pet A late surprise came when told Congress the had found new emails that be to a previously closed investigation into email use. The messages were found on the laptop of which former Tom DeLay Mark John is the estranged husband of aide and separated after was caught in 2013 and again in 2016 sending women sexually explicit text messages and pictures of himself undressed. You your friends Share on Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on Share on Share on Share on Share on Messenger Close Submit elections 
Guardian Cities is in for a week of reporting and live events. From 21 to 25 be discussing all aspects of life in this megalopolis from rush hour to and malls to with much more be running a special live through the day to local to Stay tuned for live reporting from from around the riversides and hidden corners culminating in an event at the where we will be asking some of the leading comedians and urban planners what really like for the people of the we aim to take an look at the stories that tend to go even in the city and to listen to people who are not usually heard. So whether you live in or further we hope get involved and share your perspectives with us keep up with our latest galleries and live check the Guardian Cities homepage every day from 21 to 25 us and join in the discussions on Twitter and and by using the Find us on at you live in sign up to our updates for the week by adding as a contact and messaging the word If you would like to know more about contributing via social read email is you can message us directly on with the subject line you have experiences or photos of to we would love to hear from you you can participate through any of the means or contribute to our 
When my friends tell me about their latest sexual I nod and giggle mildly embarrassed that never had but also comforted by the knowledge that I want to. You really like it when he does we talk about something else something that I actually know I go through waves of feeling something wrong with me why I be a young person with a But what does that only dated one person actively wanted to sleep and that was in the days before I knew what asexuality was. Maybe meet someone else or maybe I sexuality is an thing but it is a struggle to convince myself that either really the fashion stylist Read people happens results in confused looks and reductive comments about how a case of waiting for the right person to come along and awaken your inner sexuality. Trust not that. My inner as you so charmingly put is there are generally perfectly capable of having sex right dormant. I judge you for wanting to have so why is it for you to write me off as happier with people not although I do wonder how much more my mum will accept in response to her insistent questions about meeting nice Asexuality remains largely even in the but trust we and you probably know someone like me. Our experience is and I refuse to believe Tell us what really thinking email really 
and two of the leading electronics are facing allegations that workers in their supply chains are being exploited and underpaid in two companies have launched investigations into allegations of abuse made by workers after a Guardian investigation raised multiple concerns about their men said they had been deceived about had their passports confiscated and had been told that they must pay large fines if they wanted to return to before the end of their contract. They also claimed they were forced to work for up to 14 hours on their feet without adequate and with restricted toilet in an attempt to settle recruitment fees of up to they said they had to pay this money to secure their workers speak of their only knows how to Read said they felt and trapped in their factory jobs making or assembling components for household electrical goods sold on the global market. heart is said one young man who works in a factory making microwaves. was not given the job I was promised. I am doing very difficult work. I got the salary they said I would Guardian spoke to 30 migrants making products for and Some of those working for are employed directly by the but the majority are hired through a supply company. The workers assembling or making parts for are employed by subcontracting companies. Both and forbid their suppliers from confiscating passports or charging migrant workers recruitment fees. Yet all the men interviewed by the Guardian claimed they paid up to to recruitment agents in to secure their jobs in They all also claimed that their passports were confiscated on arrival in the illegal under employment said this restricts their freedom of movement and leaves them open to detention by the authorities. Without their the workers said they freely leave their jobs and return home without paying fines equivalent to three or four basic and have said they are opening investigations into the conduct of their suppliers following the use of supply companies and subcontractors is common practice for foreign firms making goods for export in but is a system ripe for according to rights groups in the country. Workers making products said they were threatened by supervisors at their supply company when they said they were unhappy with their work and wanted to return home. told you or leave without bury you in said one for the supply company used by also claimed they were deceived about the nature and conditions of their work. They said they had been forced to pay illegal fees by recruitment agents used by their supply company hours before they departed for their new jobs. Some said the salary they were promised in was higher than the pay they were now receiving in have come here if I had known the real conditions and salary. I was said one man. supply company in are using the name of to cheat said another worker. have been but we want others to be Other workers said they paid between 90,000-115,000 rupees to a recruitment agency in used by despite a 2015 cap on recruitment fees set at 10,000 rupees by the government in paid 115,000 but the agent only gave me a receipt for 10,000 rupees. He told me that if I was stopped at the airport I should say that that is all I said one man working at microwave plant. knew the agent was cheating but what could I spokesperson from a committed member of the Electronics Industry Citizenship Coalition we comply fully with the Code of Conduct and have found no evidence of violations in the hiring process of migrant workers hired directly by our manufacturing facility in Once there is any we take swift actions to are currently conducting investigations of supply companies we work with in and the migrant employees hired by these companies. If any violations are we will make immediate corrective actions and moving forward we will suspend our business with companies that are found to be in forced casts dark shadow over electronics industry Read a factory in the exhausted workers making parts for spoke of having to work week after week of shifts to try to repay the money they gave to recruitment agents in Some said they were still far off paying their debts 15 months after arriving in Others claimed they had been told by their companies they must pay the equivalent of three wages if they left before the end of their I could find a way to go leave right now but I am trapped by my said one who makes parts for of workers here would do the assembling products in the southern city of said that they sometimes only received 700 a month half of what they were promised after production slowed due to a lack of know our earnings are below minimum but what can we do about said one of the workers. feel terrible because we have a big loan to pay back. You have to work for three years just to pay it beyond the assembly line is difficult too. In accommodation visited by the workers were living in a grim hostel in an industrial area in with 14 men crammed into one room. They all shared one broken toilet and two shower which opened directly on to a cooking area with a single gas an emailed will conduct a full investigation into the claims made by the Guardian. We are taking these allegations very seriously and in we discover that one of our suppliers has violated such laws or we will ensure and require them to take necessary corrective action expect all of our suppliers to strictly comply with our Social policy and declaration. These expectations are outlined in contracted terms and conditions with each supplier. We do not tolerate breaches of these workers interviewed by the Guardian also complained about conditions inside the work is extremely said one worker at a electronics plant making microwave ovens. get only 45 minutes in a shift to and seven minutes every two hours to drink workers making parts and assembling products for said that they stood all day without decent breaks. One worker claimed they were only allowed to stop work to go to the toilet twice in a electronics sector in which accounts for nearly of the export has faced international scrutiny for its treatment of migrant workers. In 2014 a report by supply chain watchdog found that nearly one third of workers in electronics sector are in forced and called for wide reforms of the policies of foreign companies operating working in have to that the standard operating procedure for contractors is debt bondage and this has said deputy director of Human Rights Watch in someone from and putting them in a factory in costs and if these costs are not being factored into the price of a or a microwave or a then they are complicit in a system that expects the workers to suffer as a and exploitation in and 
has sought to expand its operations on despite announcing its withdrawal from the offshore immigration detention apparently taking over the role recently abandoned by Connect Settlement was revealed last month that had decided not to for the contract providing welfare services for refugees on the according to an email sent to the Border Force is negotiating with to step have been informed that Border is in negotiations with to potentially take over services by Connect in but no official agreement has been said the which was dated and seen by Guardian than 100 current and former and staff call for detention to close Read more It said had begun advertising for and encouraged those who wished to apply. Advertised roles with include support family support and child safeguarding manager. They are contracts until when contract ends. announced in that it was withdrawing from its contracts with the offshore processing scheduled to end in 2017. the government exercised its option to stretch the contract and unilaterally extended it by eight months to A spokesman for referred questions about services to the Department of Immigration and Border but confirmed the company still intended to exit in already provides some services related to the resettlement of refugees in and if we are able to further improve the wellbeing of refugees through our then we are always willing to do he a infrastructure has been since it bought in International law experts warned that it and its directors could be liable for crimes against humanity under the the treaty establishing the international criminal staff are expected to leave by At a meeting held on the island for employees were told the services required on were beyond the capabilities of a settlement Guardian understood at the agency is believed to have consistently raised concerns about insufficient mental and child protection services on the processing have routinely been by former current human rights advocacy various United Nations bodies and and other Department of Immigration and Border Protection did not deny the spokeswoman department is working collaboratively with Connect Settlement Services in transitioning settlement services on immigration and 
With the festive season again upon I am happy to help by suggesting a range of modestly priced Guardian and puzzle things for you to choose as crossword puzzle calendar. Each month has its own puzzle. As a bonus it is linked to a monthly prize competition and a newsletter for the solutions. There is a program available for downloading that enables totally blind solvers to take part. Of the home Puck and have each set one of the 12 puzzles. Of each purchase price of goes to the Children in Need with the remaining net profit shared between and the Pears for Specialist Learning. All is better explained at where the 2017 calendar may be Boatman has been setting cryptic puzzles for the Guardian since 2008. Last month he published which is what is says on the label his first 50 Guardian each with a story attached of how it came into of his thought processes in developing it and of the interaction involved between solver and so help editor. It should be of particular interest to aspiring setters and may help to disabuse them of the idea that all there is to setting a puzzle for publication is to upload Crossword Compiler fill in a grid and think up some passable clues. The book is available from or from what are known as the better In 2013 our very own crossword wrote a book to mark the conventionally accepted 100th anniversary on 21 1913 of the publication of the first crossword in the long defunct New World. Its title was taken from a clue set by in his anonymous moonlighting capacity as a Daily Telegraph This month has produced another which with the same informative and jolly style covers the 80 years during which the quiz has become a national institution to rival the is a compilation by author of the wonderful made up of 125 classic puzzles of the last 2,000 years from all over the world. They will keep everyone going for the full Twelve Days of and far available from I am getting a bit suspicious about the recent urge on the part of the security services and to come out of the closet and if not at least something. Within very living memory the Government Communications Headquarters it hid itself in plain view as the Government Code and Cypher School at would never comment on what it was up to or even admit publicly that it existed. But last month Penguin published inviting you to test yourself against more than 140 pages of puzzles and other challenges set by its code breakers. It even has a foreword by the Duchess of whose grandmother was one of the posh young women who worked as secretarial staff in at Proceeds from the sale of this puzzle book are to be donated to Heads the mental health campaign with which Prince and Prince Harry are connected. the Curator of the recently asked if I could help him with an even more abstruse puzzle than any in the books listed above. He looks after Shandy the house in the village of in North where the author of Shandy between 1759 and lived and wrote in the last half of his life the Observer crossword setter produced a published by Victor in 1934. Its final puzzle takes the apparent form of a novelette entitled You are told by the pages have been printed in an entirely haphazard order but that it is logically possible for a solver by intelligent reading to sort the pages into the only possible correct order. The story then allows the in some unspecified to list the six murderers together with their victims. The then generous prize of was offered for the first two correct entries but no record seems to exist anywhere of the solution to this more recent books have used the same known as book in a one where the pages are loose and in no particular order. One is by the experimental novelist who died in aged the other is by the polymath who committed suicide in aged 40. is working on connections between the three novels and the puzzle and would be greatly assisted by discovering the solution the puzzle. Any is under way to get the monthly Genius puzzle added to the system that handles the rest of the crossword puzzles. But it may take some time yet to get there the puzzle still has to be uploaded manually by the central production team. this uploading process seems to have been less in the last couple of months and my fingers remain Genius No 159 by Jack attracted 25 entries on the first day and 224 by the deadline. a regular faithful from was first in at on 1 but the next four I newcomers at the top of the entry and No 160 by had two old hands in first and second place at and from at followed by a considerable gap before the next of which there were 24 by the end of the first day and 268 by the deadline. The current Genius No 161 is the second to be set by Soup. In his true as Soup has just taken over from Tom as editor of the monthly crossword subscription magazine . This closes another Guardian crossword for the magazine was founded by in 1984 and edited by him until 1994. Tom known to us as edited the magazine from 2000 until this year. And designed and installed personal crossword from which he took orders for bespoke cryptic puzzles. Not there was heavy demand for the fees for which he donated to you have any technical problems with our crossword please email If you have any comments or queries about the please email For Observer crosswords please email editor's 
The 2016 US election has brought the rifts to a point of irreconcilable vitriol surely unseen since the civil war. Amid such an accusation that artist Marina has been schooling senior Democrats in black magic is almost a welcome bit of light mention in emails sparks accusations of satanism Read did art star get involved in most corrosive election Her name appears in the emails of John chairman of presidential which have been released by In one of the she invites to spirit cooking dinner at my and says John would be this apparently innocuous the Drudge Report came up with the headline occult It performance art as nothing more nor less than satanic rites she did once carve a pentagram into her stomach with a razor and we are invited to picture her dinner party as a black sabbath of the liberal elite. the website of conspiracy theorist raves that latest bombshell to come from connects campaign head John to top Marina is fitting that as this hyperbolic confrontation between two visions of moves to its art has been thrown into the noxious mix. The caricature of as an is a of a longstanding conservative obsession. The wicked liberal arts have been turned into a political issue by the right and the of the has actually been an important ingredient in long march towards the refusal to accept that any liberal can ever have democratic the came the culture wars. In the late the Republican senator Helms launched a savage attack on National Endowment for the accusing it of promoting offensive and indecent art that mocked true values. Helms tried to ban the use of public funds to disseminate or produce obscene or indecent materials ... or material which denigrates the objects or beliefs of the adherents of a particular Twitter photograph and 1979. was the main target. His photographs particularly his X Portfolio with its delight in sadomasochism were as a vile assault on instead of the beautiful and sublime images they are. Speaking of conspiracy theorists may want to note that like this sensual photographer did occasionally use the pentagram in his work. Twitter Piss Piss was another target of this attack on art. is not an said Helms. is a Given that not only have and endured as artists whereas the name of Helms is only kept alive outside extremist political circles probably by his association with their work but also that the controversy made contemporary art famous and inspired more artists to delight in shock it might seem a failure for in the light of what has happened to the Republican from the rise of the Tea Party to its takeover by Helms looks like a sinister visionary. Coming at the end of an era in which Republicans dominated the political the culture war against art was a step towards the deliberately divisive popular right of the strangest and most revealing thing about Republicans from to is the obvious connection between art and money. was no revolutionary he was as as apple especially in his desire for success. Art in the was big and an even bigger business today. So in attacking conservatives from Helms to the Drudge Report are attacking capitalism they are saying there are more important values than making money. Those higher values always seem to come down to hatred of minorities and of I was looking for light relief. But this story about satanism and conspiracy theories is just another window on what has gone wrong with democracy. When you define those who disagree with you not just as political opponents but satanic acolytes of you are committed to a politics of intolerance and on elections 
We would like to invite you to subscribe to our new eight weeks we created a couple of prototype and quietly promoted them on our social channels. received very positive feedback from users. Our data provides further evidence people found them useful. We thought now was the right time to release our Guardian news bot into the and say are the talk of the town Read account for a disproportionate amount of time we spend on our phones. has over one billion active users per month. Messenger also achieved this milestone in There a number of other messaging with huge followings too such as LINE and Usage is now surpassing social are not a new but have started to be more widely discovered. For has exploded in the last three years. success has fundamentally changed in the way people interact with the from hailing a taxi to shopping for clothes. This has not gone unnoticed by their competitors and many have built capabilities into their have chosen to launch on Messenger to engage with our established community on and the capabilities of the platform. Depending on the success of the Guardian bot on we will look to introduce it to messaging platforms. Twitter Get your morning briefing when you want said hello to our it will ask you whether you would like to subscribe and when you would like it delivered. The next look out for your morning briefing. Our journalists will be curating the briefing each day from 7th in the and will be available can change the change the edition or at any time. If a the bot will do its best to send the briefing at the appropriate for the latest headlines or most the bot for or and it will message you back with the top 5 stories. Ask for your topic section by messaging the name of like or Twitter There is plenty more to work on this bot is far from finished we have plenty of ideas to test. We really value your ideas and feedback too. Please email the team at are a few of ways to get started with the Guardian to the Guardian page via the and tap for in Messenger and tap simply go to the Guardian 
Is your business safe from Two thirds of small businesses have fallen victim to in the past two costing the economy according to research from the Federation of Small majority of attacks are and spear where target rather than computer software has become more small employees have become easier targets. A common method among for is to pose as a company boss in an email and persuade an employee to urgently wire company money to an account. the more traditional form of infecting company equipment with is still a problem. It accounts for of experienced by small businesses. Such attacks are destructive to finances and reputation. So how can small business owners and staff learn to spot and stop this cover the common and emerging trends and discuss how small businesses can avoid them from staff training to employing ethical hackers to carry out fake identifying your questions to our experts from on 21 part is just register to comment. Once signed you can post your questions in the comments thread below this article. tweet with your or email them to and we will put them to the panel for you. Comments are currently open and we welcome questions in Snook is deputy and government security directorate in the Cabinet Office. He has held a number of roles across the cabinet office and Treasury. His career has focused on national and in recent is product fraud and security at payment solutions. He is responsible for developing products and aimed to protect customers against fraud and payment security threats. is chief technology officer of a company that helps protect their information. was closely involved in the development of a basic information security standard developed with the government. is also the founder of The Friendly a startup in and data security is an independent security consultant and trainer who in social in which rather than IT are the target of criminals. She trains businesses in how to protect and is the host of The Human Factor leads security teams across the southern and midlands regions. With nearly 20 experience in information protection and his expertise ranges from security strategy through to technical security is head of data privacy and partner at law firm. She has been advising on the legal aspects of data protection and security for over 20 years. is a security and privacy expert at an software company that offers software solutions to protect data from insider threats and up to become a member of the Guardian Small Business Network here for more insight and best practice direct to your 
THE HOME OF THE Fiver has never been fit to be published but that has never held it back. When it has been held back been purely because of faults by other such as defective or the owners of provocatively open The Fiver is staunch. The Fiver refuses to be denied. The Fiver would run through brick firewalls for its reader. This got in is a winner. It never knows when would put its head down where others dare not put their rubbish bins and it simply take have insufficient funds to complete that for an answer. What trying to say is that The Fiver is The Special idea of a champion football email. Because The Special One has no time for bloodless the sort of losers who would let a lack of fitness prevent them from competing repeatedly at the highest level of professional sport. Shaw expects to be fit for United v Arsenal Read considering the of Shaw and Smalling for trip to on The Special One noted with a snarl that there is a between the who want to be there at any and the ones for whom a little pain can make a Successful management is all about taking care of details. Or ignoring ones you like. It should be stressed at this point that is speaking from experience. During his own playing days he often hold just back out of that sentence and try again. has a long history of overcoming from officials to conspiring United Nations relief and his suffering for the sake of the people who depend on him continues right up to the present as he battles his way out of his hotel hell every morning and drives without incident to training ground. the team you have to do as The Special One has consider what the England manager Caretaker has said about all this. He has spoken up with understanding for who has played several matches this season with and for a who suffered a double leg fracture when playing for United 14 months ago. Shaw fit to play and he was with us in under and was feeling problems with the leg back then clearly said an injury as severe as that we have to handle that with care If they played obviously something wrong obviously a difficult one because I know the reason for the comments The reason for the comments made is that a man after The own it should be can be after a few tins. And the reason win a trophy is that balanced and humane. And the manager of England. LIVE ON BIG the draw for the 2017 finals with at OF THE disciplinary committee does not disregard the fact that the game took place without any violent incidents because of faint praise from FA suits before whacking Dynamo with a fine for their lobbing of a severed head on to the side of the pitch in their cup match with energy drink promoter. Twitter The offending a swashbuckling side is buckling their swashes rather than swashing their I know probably just goading better pedants than I as looked up swash and learned it can mean make noisy movements or move with a splashing A top pedant someone with more time on their hands than me will pull this all together and explain how any of the above might then be linked to I also accept that a sounds nowhere near as romantic as the reverse equation. Very the Washing System may be something for club laundries to consider as it apparently means you can goodbye to excessive ironing and dry possibly offering an alternative to the current policy clubs with massive kit of simply giving away dirty shirts to opponents or lucky no other gonna guess that the Deacon involved in celebrity carpeting the legendary member of the Fearsome Foursome. Too bad. I loved to see his reaction if posted a negative review about an Mike least twice now used the word in recent and it makes me wonder if a new brand name for your good selves in order. like to suggest you as seeing as you live up there in your I be one of 1,056 fans a couple to point out that East should calm the heck down and should pass on the crates of beer while throwing in a few extra crates to that the win record belongs to the Dons. achieved a record unbeaten run of 78 league from 26 2003 to 27 2004 and it included 32 consecutive wins. And the Combined Counties Premier Division does count. East need to put their beer away and admit they were beaten to it more than a decade ago by a bunch of southerners. welcome to pass my details on to should they wish to send me a crate or two of ale for pointing out their Brown. to you about childhood fear of Quote of the got me reading up on that long lost classic. And the parallels between and are striking. According to the was for comedic just like does for in one episode was moved from initial quarters to the just like has been moved from the to the bench and has an aunt called just like last one was a bit of a I be the first of many to point out to Smith that although he recalls that thrown objects travel in a parabolic arc they actually should have told him that they travel in an ellipse like all orbits but that a parabola model is used as it is mathematically much easier and good enough for most purposes. Please insert your own quip about lack of discounting not being good enough and The no other science Fiver often enough the in its and clearly a deliberate effort to build up an like the had at a that time. you work very very hard on it. The number of times seen Taxpayers and Him and Repressed Fiver and the rest I count. But you know what else the At the end of every year they published a long list titled and listed their 50 catchphrases and of the last year. Having done they never used them forcing their writers to remain fresh and relevant and inventive and not the joke too too long. In this too The Fiver might profitably imitate the Peter Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager and out got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters AC and co for the latest thrilling of Football Weekly. And Producer tells us there are still the last few tickets available for the Palladium live show on 15 THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring SUPPORTERS FEDERATION Football Supporters Federation have announced the for their annual awards in association with Virgin Media and as is The Fiver been nominated in a single category. pleased to pretend pleased that Football Weekly has been nominated for the gaudy Best Big Paper has been nominated for the Best Big Paper gong while Proper Journalists Conn and are both up for Best Writer. You know what to do vote early and vote often in these and other categories by clicking on this AND high court judgment in which the current England was found to have knowingly given false evidence has been upheld by the court of and have scribbled their names all over new contracts. like today makes it exciting for cheered just because. has shown typical diplomacy in trying to diffuse the brewing club v country row with over their treatment of players. do we need a good relationship with he while deleting R from his group. lucky to have the lads got there. traditionally have always had brilliant players doing well for the football so they be so quick to stop players coming to play for has got the funk on with Wee for picking recently retired and then Brown in the squad. understand got 50 caps and done well for his country but once you retire let somebody else have an because been waiting for an opportunity for a long time. I I he perhaps into a highland glen. his parents and two executives should stand trial for alleged according to high coach has right royally off The Doodle he pick in his most recent squad because he think much of reality is that he plays in a league that matter this Inter manager is His first match in charge will be the small matter of the WANT Squires on fury and poppies Enjoy. Twitter Thirty years ago drew with Conference leaders despite including three fans in their starting XI one of whom had spent the afternoon in the pub. Rob tells a terrific forgotten story. The revamped Cup is completely ah. Hang have another go at that. The revamped Van Trophy is complete and utter rubbish and writes John Premier League table will make Hammers fans as unhappy as they have been with their new home at times this the dalliance with the Premier League coming to an tests the and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND YOU IF THERE IS A 
cars are one to detect and as necessary avoid any and all pedestrians in the by stopping or taking some sort of safe avoiding action. So when all cars are will we be able to do away with pedestrian Surely we will be able to cross any road at any time Post your answers and new questions below or email them to Please include address and phone and
If the idea of Black shopping gives you the cheer up. A few innovative approaches can help you find lower prices without having to camp outside a big box store. a of recommended going to websites such as and to buy discounted gift a strategy that works Savings average from 8 to 12 percent. not a but it adds she said in an interview. Instead of buying a gift card before add up your purchases in the store and use an from the site to download the amount you need. This will help curb she said. People who do all of their holiday shopping on the after Thanksgiving are not getting the best Ms. said. The sweet spot for the best bargains is she shopping from 19 onward is not good because retailers know you are and they are less likely to cut prices. She added that 95 percent of the Black bargains to be found in stores with the exception of those deeply discounted items intended to draw shoppers in can be found If you are not keen on shop The week before Black fill your virtual shopping cart with then log out of your account just close your tab but fully log out of the site said Kyle the founder of doing in many it will trigger an automated coupon sent to your pleading for you to come back and complete your purchase with the said in an email. The coupon offers may be for free shipping or discounts of up to 20 percent off a he said. a way to get a Sometimes getting a price break can be as simple as asking. Activate the live chat feature that many retailers have and politely ask for a coupon for free shipping or a percentage off your purchase. live chat operators are trained to see this person has stuff in their cart and prepared to make a purchase throw them a said in a telephone interview. merchandise is usually in such limited supply that only the most dedicated shoppers those who camp outside the store to be the first ones in at opening hour will get what they want. The remaining shoppers become a and now go out and buy a bunch of stuff at near full price or full said. Many of those people will turn around and sell the heavily discounted items on he said. Because they are looking to turn a profit their markups will be modest. Downloading the Amazon can be a useful way to compare prices in stores against the retail giant. a good tool to make sure not making a stupid Ms. said. Many big box stores will match a lower Amazon price if you present proof of the lower price at the customer service desk. That rule is in place but many stores make an exception for Black Sporting Goods and Bed Bath Beyond are among the few retailers who will still honor the price match on Black she said. Skip the shopping because navigating crowded store aisles with one will only prolong your Ms. said. She recommended taking an oversize reusable shopping bag instead. also best to avoid bringing your spouse and children to the she said. more people you the more money going to spend and the more angry going to she said. and impulse all much
In came under fire for suggesting that half of supporters belonged in basket of consisting of you name Labeling people in such a disparaging manner is not a constructive approach. research has shown true that Trump brings out the worst characteristics in Only about half of Trump supporters think global warming is and twice as many Republicans are unsure about the evidence as they were a year ago. Hostility towards women and racial resentment correlate with Trump support almost as strongly as party affiliation. and denial of science and facts are the defining characteristics of did we get Journalists have struggled to treat Trump as something other than a standard presidential candidate. Because he constantly spawns new scandals and is lacking in the policy to normalize Trump and network evening news programs have devoted three times more coverage to emails than all policies as accurately satirized by Night Twitter Night Live opening 05 nightly news programs have devoted zero time to discussing the climate plans. Media false balance has struck important to realize that Trump does have a few policy positions. For he wants to burn coal indefinitely because he denies the climate change consequences. Trump also wants to eliminate government spending on clean energy and climate cut taxes predominantly for the most build a costly and pointless border engage in expensive mass and deregulate the financial industry. extensive policy plans are effectively the opposite of are puzzled that a candidate with such generally unpopular policy plans and who has been endorsed by the could be supported by over of and have a chance at winning the presidency of the United States. Unfortunately we seem to have entered a era in which facts simply matter. The two political parties have become so different that swing voters have virtually gone extinct and most conservatives would vote for Mister were he the Republican Party nominee. Political ideology trumps and reality. And support comes heavily from a single white mostly older and without a college wants to regress to the white Trump campaign slogan Great suggests that he wants to return the country to some bygone era. Based on the words and his feelings about and that era resembles the the only about of women participated in the work and were still fighting for equality in the Civil Rights Movement. The tobacco industry created the followed by the fossil fuel industry spread misinformation and sow doubt to keep the public consuming its deadly products. Nearly half of smoked cigarettes in the compared to under The tobacco industry already knew that smoking caused but used the denial to keep characteristics fit the era that Trump and his supporters appear to yearn for an era in which white men dominated society. white male who comprise the core of base are also the predominant climate group in the country. Social scientists theorize this is due to the historical societal advantages. They have benefited from the societal status and hence are least concerned with especially when addressing those risks would mean changing the status quo from which they it or the status quo is male are in the process of losing those historical societal advantages. As minority populations losing their grip on the majority. The first racial minority president was elected and Women are approaching even footing with men in the labor force. Even social norms are for example with gay marriage becoming of course the climate itself is changing rapidly due to global which is causing all sorts of negative consequences. Climate scientists are pleading with voters not to make a choice our children will Trump would be the only world leader to deny global warming and the tremendous risks it poses. His threats to undo the progress made to tackle climate change have elicited widespread condemnation from the international most recently from the government. When asked how his country would work with a Trump administration on climate climate negotiator vote to reverse half a century of goal is to make again by reversing the progress made over the past half century and returning the country to a society dominated by white progress toward racial and gender equality could hypothetically be reversed in a Trump climate change be. Only by continuing the progress made toward cutting carbon pollution can we slow global warming. Problems are not solved by denying their has many great many argue the country is great. But like every there are also dark periods in its for in the treatment of minorities and women as citizens. Trump aims to return to those deplorable and to put the world on a path toward a catastrophic future by undoing the progress made in tackling climate world is counting on not to make a catastrophically wrong choice in change Consensus the 
old enough to remember a life in which you could confidently expect your skill for guessing passwords to be redundant by about the age of nine. That was when your mate down the road finally overcame his love of spy games and his obsessive desire not to allow you past his front door or into his garden shed without you first establishing his crisp it seems that who subsequently spent his lunch hours in the windowless computer up to his knees in punch has long since taken over the security is failing says Read I again found myself in that familiar circle of hell reserved for tired and impatient and forgetful people very close to a deadline. I had already spent way too long trying to remember that combination of password and user name in order to enter a account my account which I was unaccountably excluded from and to which I needed access in order to open a document that I had to rewrite. Having finally come up with the password complete with recent mutations of ampersands and exclamation marks and upper and lower case letters and barnacles of numeric additions phone gym locker once created on a cheerful whim and now at painful leisure I was faced with an unexpected conundrum. Six blurred photographs of street scenes flashed up on my screen along with this unwarranted of these images contains a virtual of a security guard clearly wanted to know who exactly it was dealing with to collect some more free data for its Was I a robot mind intent on up barnacled Or was I indeed a tired and impatient and forgetful human being very close to a In the I one or two goes at a graffiti might have but as machine intelligence has become a more nuanced capacity was apparently required to establish my human credentials. We might not be good for much these days in but we can certainly a when we see peered at the photographs on the as if they were exhibits in a show. Some of them were straightforward but one or two undeniably gave me pause. In the background of one picture in particular some warehouse type buildings clearly had glazing but no obvious What to Surely the creators of this test expect this level of pictorial analysis or perhaps that was exactly what they If I looked really hard at a certain angle I thought I could make out some shadowy furniture in the window of the warehouse in question. But still it looked more like some kind of storage facility than a conventional shop. Taking my life in my I plumped for the indicating and pressed enter. Another six images flashed no less complex in their composition than the first set. And again the of these images contains a And so the morning ebbed. Even for the man who is credited with creating the name and the tool has become a couple of years I visited the headquarters of in Alto and talked to then head of about his vision for the future of our interaction with our uncanny machines. He suggested that the ultimate goal was really something like what you saw in the episodes he grew up watching in a village in He imagined a near future in which the interface between man and computer would be entirely intuitive and endgame of this is we want to make it always as natural a thought process as said. are maniacally focusing on the user to reduce every possible friction point between their thoughts and the information they want to I thought of that conversation when I was at airport later that trying to summon a booking confirmation on my phone and faced with the need to first answer the following questions that might have been posed by my mate up the was your teacher at and was the first album you Frictionless the first word that came to a recent survey of workers using IT in their it was suggested that they spend about 36 minutes a day on A number that prompts the they must have got lucky. Over the past decade or two of our digital each of us has built up an average legacy of more than 100 sites and requiring passwords for access. As the fraudsters and hackers have got more so the bar for entry has been set ever higher. The recent added complication that on a change you cannot choose a password you have used in the past 12 months is another cruel blow to our garbled private mnemonics. In the past of people admit to abandoning a login due to a forgotten password and about the same number suggested they had given up on paying for something they wanted to buy because of the complications of the authentication for the man who is credited with creating the name and the tool has become a curse. That man is an emeritus professor of now aged 90. In the early was in charge of a massive prototype computer at the university called The computer was the pioneer of many of the features of digital technology we have come to love instant messaging and one that we do not. Because of the shared nature of it was decided that researchers should have their own accounts so that their work did not overlap. A simple name and password code was devised to create a degree of gave an interview to the in which he acknowledged that he had inadvertently made a that password has not been monster. become a kind of a nightmare with the world wide he said. think anybody can possibly remember all the passwords that are issued or set up. That leaves people with two choices. Either you maintain a crib a mild or you use some sort of program as a password did the have to I used to use a crib he said. think guarding any great secrets. Three typed pages. Probably 150 passwords over the technology has long been showing its age despite the levels of complexity there are major password breaches reported weekly but it has proved hard to replace. there are many companies competing to create a new form of universal open sesame that will make all those password reminders redundant. and Apple are inevitably leading this though many businesses are reluctant to hand over their authentication processes to the which gives an opportunity to innovative companies with a focus only on based in provides a platform that manages user identities globally for customers including retailers and the Most of the login processes they manage are still but more and more use a form of we use your or details to find out who you and some use biometric facial and voice collects email addresses and some from Read director of expects this latter category to grow exponentially in the next five years. In its somewhat polemical report on the of the demise predicted more often than that of the suggested that than applications will be downloaded each year by as compared with in do all hope the password dies quite Lack says. the research supports the fact that most consumers hope that too would rather have biometric as we all now these days means that the people have spoken in unprecedented biometric means few banks are starting to use Lack says. and First Direct are allowing touch ID to log into your account and also some voice recognition. But for the better part we are still using complex does the resistance think security is the drag Lack suggests. most of our customers there is usually a security team that is extremely anxious about adopting new technology. The irony is as we passwords are far from secure now. The average user has fewer than three passwords and those can very often be easily guessed. They use them on average across 120 accounts. If a password is guessed on then effectively a hacker can completely unlock your digital Twitter Every year millions of passwords are stolen or hacked. couple of recent changes may accelerate the march of biometrics. The new directive on payment services mandates that any payment will require authentication password plus though lobbyists for retailers are currently challenging that. The other engine of change is the fact that two years ago the Apple touch recognition interface was made available to anyone who wants to use it. The first adopters have been banks because they have huge costs on call specifically for password resets. is anyway far more secure than anything that has gone Lack argues. expect all banks to adopt biometrics in the next couple of other advance is in using network effects for identity management a pooling of your identity the horizon is the capacity that when security is breached in one place the network immediately knows about Lack says. like an immune response. Where one customer detects that I have had three failed password attempts it notifies everyone else in the cloud and says this user needs to step up authentication or have their account locked. a massive benefit for security teams. That will drag them toward security and biometric does sound like a major step forward for security if somewhat less so for users who will presumably suddenly be shut out from their although perhaps only until they have swiped a company has been working in this latter area for a decade and 30,000 websites and use its which is invisible to the customer. Its solutions challenge is that you really have a central store of biometric data because of the privacy implications. It needs to remain anonymous. In our the key additional security measure you need is what we call which secures all the weak points in this has built an network called the identity which already sits on websites and mobile and is enabled by cookies. This network monitors every account transaction you anonymously. know who you are but we various aspects of your and we correlate that Moody kind of aspects of things. For when I go about the I use several devices. Maybe a couple of two and I tend to use these machines to connect to the in different ways and from different locations. I have a at I have Sky broadband at home. So over time I have a clear pattern of Do I tend to have or is it turned The system looks at all that and correlates it with my different email addresses for work and the credit cards I have associated with those accounts and so on. Every time we see an we are this interaction look consistent with what we know of this Do you usually log on to your bank account in this way from this If you you get a positive trust score. If there will be an Over your anonymous security profile will only get Moody making it easier and easier to know for sure it is you doing what you are is the of a company called Speaking on the phone from he inevitably asks I say you I reply has added an extra twist to these future scenarios. It is belief that your phone will increasingly become your gateway to much of the If you have it on your person and you are logged that will be enough to enable forms of access without password issues. Twitter Professor father of the of the companies we work with allows you to use your phone to open the electronic lock as you move inside the perimeter of the building they have You have to log in to as long as you have your phone with you. It logs you in to the assembly line. You have a strong authenticator. The biometric is the phone itself. If at any point the system suggests it think it is it can prompt you to swipe your finger. like keeping your front door keys with other most requested service has is for face or says because the whole world is The technology has overcome the teething problem of people bypassing the security test by simply holding up a photograph of a face for recognition access. have this thing we call says. are asked to blink your eyes and nod your head and the software can read that. It works well in good lighting. more challenging in a shadowy but the cameras are getting better. That is coming. Yesterday on the east coast I was in five places that were can we have picture The he was the we are left with the last knockings of passwords that accumulate their unusual characters by the day. maybe for some of perhaps they do not. Every compiles a list of the millions of stolen passwords made public in the past 12 then sorts them in order of popularity. And every year the top two passwords remain always comes in at number one and stubbornly retains its spot. Not far behind is a login that sounds quite a lot like a cry for You can add exclamation marks as and computer 
Environment largest marine park created in Sea in in landmark on track to lose of wild animals by major report shooting estates shored up by millions in industry agrees to cap emissions by watchdog shrinks loophole allowing drops law to limit chemical in food after industry water firms call for not on wet emails reveal plan to counter climate airport expansion gets government made up half of net electricity capacity added last era of climate change as emissions hit symbolic and years on from the Stern a future is the one drilling underway beneath national goes media approval puts business above political and environment and in the industrially scarred landscapes of south week in wildlife in wildlife being pushed to the edge by humans in huntsman spider tries to eat a mouse The environmental cost of consumption in rats are helping to save from wildlife US government is funding the training of an elite team of rodents to detect illegal wildlife shipments at 
Sometimes I think I have never seen anything as strong as That mean that I like and admire everything about her. not here to argue about who she just to note what she did. I watched her plow through opposition and attacks the like of which no other candidate has ever faced and still win the popular vote. To defeat her it took an unholy cabal far beyond what faced when he was the campaign of swimming with the tide of disgust about the Bush administration. As the New Times the time all the ballots are she seems likely to be ahead by more than votes and more than 1.5 percentage points. She will have won by a wider percentage margin than not only Gore in 2000 but also in 1968 and John F in Twitter concession know can flip that and see that Trump was such a weak candidate it took decades of scheming and an extraordinary international roster of powerful players to lay the groundwork that made his election possible. Defeating in the electoral college took the 2013 gutting of the Voting Rights Act by Republican appointees to the supreme court. It took vast Republican voter suppression laws and tactics set in place over many years. It took voter intimidation at many polling places. It took the long Republican campaign to blow up the boring bureaucratic irregularity of use of a private email server into a scandal that the media obediently picked up and reheated. US yet to join ranks of countries with female leaders Read took the director of the using that and his power to stage a misleading smear attack on 11 days before the election in flagrant violation of the custom of avoiding such intervention for 60 days before an election. It took a compliant mainstream media running after his sabotage like a golden retriever chasing a tennis ball. It took decades of conservative attacks on the served as deputy counsel to the Senate Whitewater that fishing expedition that began with an investigation in a messy real estate deal in before Bill presidency and ended with a campaign to impeach him on charges related to completely unrelated sexual activities during his second took a nearly reality The that deified racism and narcissism as essential to success and power. As the feminist media critic points Trump said and did was framed in a way to flatter and more flatter his The colossal infomercial fictionalized the cheating businessman as an unqualified success and gave him a kind of brand recognition no other candidate had. It took the full support of Fox whose Roger was so committed to him that after leaving the company following allegations of decades of sexual harassment of he joined the Trump campaign. It took the withdrawal of too many from even that of journalism into the partisan unreliability of sites and bubbles of social took the mainstream of failure to address climate change as the most important issue of our time. It took decades of most media outlets letting the propaganda arm create the false framework of two equally valid opinions rather than reporting the overwhelming scientific consensus and tremendous danger of climate change. To stop it also took using as a tool of evidently considering his grudge against the Democratic nominee important enough to try to aid the campaign of a racist authoritarian. now appears to have so close a relationship with that he often appears on the channel and news site RT. He tweeted protests when president information was included in the Panama Papers hack and has been coy about where his leaked information on the Democratic National Committee came intelligence experts say it came from and made it clear that he favored win. The day dropped his the New Times ran a story reassuringly titled Investigating Sees No Clear Link to with its own underplayed revelation buried the officials have become increasingly based on the evidence they have that direct goal is not to support the election of as many Democrats have but rather to disrupt the integrity of the political system and undermine standing in the world more beef over loss is with liberal young and old Read it took a shortsighted campaign of hatred on the an almost hysterical rage like nothing I have ever seen before about any public figure. Some uncritically picked up outright and spin to feed their hate and rejected anything that diluted the purity and focus of that including larger questions about the other candidate and the fate of the Earth. It was so extreme that in recent I was attacked for posting news stories on social media by furious people who took the position that to be overtly was to be covertly If the perfect is the enemy of the whose friend is The greater of two A lot of people seemed to think the primary ended the night Trump was elected. I saw that from climate and others who you might expect would have turned to face the clear and present danger of a Trump presidency. I for much about failure to address the pipeline adequately which was and but overshadowed by what we heard so little million dollars or so invested in the pipeline and the guarantee he would use presidential powers to push it and every pipeline like it through. impossible to disconnect the irrational emotionality from and the misogyny continues. Since election been hearing too many men of the left go on and on about how was a weak candidate. wondered about that word not only because it is so often associated with but because what calling her weakness was their refusal to support her. as if sent a pink lifeboat and we sent it because we wanted a blue and now we are very upset that people are as my brilliant friend put it some point soon we need to discuss whether Sanders would have been able to but helpful it just sounds like Democrats should have cut into lead in the misogynist vote and the vote by running a white come to terms with the racism and the misogyny before analyzing the because otherwise just going to replicate it forever. And if you think that the angry vote won Sanders would have fared let me remind you that patriarchy and white supremacy are the cornerstones of the I know that if had been elected there would not be terrified and weeping people of color all over the small children too afraid to go to a shocking spike in hate students with smashed dreams marching in cities across the country. I deplore some of past actions and alignments and disagreed with plenty of her 2016 positions. I hoped to be fighting her for the next four years. But I recognize the profound differences between her and Trump on immigration and and her extraordinary tenacity and courage in facing and nearly overcoming an astonishing array of obstacles to win the popular vote. Which reminds us that Trump has no mandate and sets before us some of the forces arrayed against us. elections 
obtains warrant to search has obtained a warrant to investigate emails found on a laptop used by aide as part of its investigation into the Democratic presidential use of a private email server while serving as secretary of state. The move came as the Senate minority Harry said the may have broken the Hatch which bars federal officials from using their official authority to influence an by his decision to send a letter to Republican congressional committee chairs on announcing the new development. That showed intent to aid one political party over adding a claim that was not releasing information linking the Trump campaign to Reports said investigators had known for weeks they might find pertinent emails on which was shared with her estranged husband who is under investigation over alleged illicit texts to a minor. called on to it all out on the Trump said the email scandal was than emails gets warrant as told he may have broken Democrat is losing support just as the Republican is experiencing a resurgence. While still stands to a shift in sentiment appears to have begun with the release of emails that showed how much even aides worried about blurred boundaries between charitable and political interests. In an election that many describe as an unpopularity it may not take much more to swing the mood of independents. A morning still had in the eight days out from the lose the US election because of the email the world sees the US countries have shown a preference for but Trump has pockets of as Guardian journalists around the world explain. In warm words about from Trump and a slightly more positive tone of television coverage relating to the real estate tycoon have both left their mark. A poll found that of had a positive opinion of compared with just for In rise has stirred unease and indignation. have been amused by the bitter rivalry been and Trump. In an unprecedented state broadcast the last presidential the world views the US from to North protesters plan protesters are preparing to take a against the Access pipeline this week. The Standing Rock protesters in North have been fighting the pipeline since but were dealt a blow last week when police raided their camps and arrested paving the way for construction of the final stretch of the controversial oil project. much land left between the water and the said a member of the tribe. right there. They have breached our sacred Access pipeline protesters set for on banks of serves 3,000 group says a landlord who has a seat in housing cabinet is also the top in the where a housing shortage has reached crisis levels. and his firms have filed more than 3,000 eviction the first step in removing a making the Bay Area real estate executive the landlord who filed over 3,000 eviction one year the the tangles of human hair and piles of clothes exposed by wind and a leaflet newly dropped by the army fluttered in the wind. are coming to save you from the text announced. Too late for those buried in the mass grave writes a for the minority group and symbol of their suffering under the was liberated nearly a year ago. The whole area still feels ghostly and still waiting for life to and suspicion haunt a year after liberation from the fearless Guardian is an independent voice in this election. That means no bias or corporate owner influencing our coverage. But political reporting takes a lot of money and hard work to produce. If everyone who reads our coverage helps to pay for our future will be more secure. Support the Guardian with a monthly or a and points descendants back towards the vote to leave the descendants of tens of thousands of who fled the are making use of their legal right to become citizens. authorities have reported a increase in the number of restored citizenship applications a right reserved for anybody who was persecuted on racial or religious grounds during the as well as their descendants. The chairman of the Association of Refugees said that for applying for citizenship of a country that treated their ancestors so badly was a psychological of refugees seek citizenship after hopes stay alive as fans wave the W W flag is what the Cubs traditionally fly at writes and it went up on night when the Cubs beat the 3-2 in Game Five of the World Series the first time the team has won in the series at home since 1945. It must be an incredible feeling to be a Cubs Couch writes. You walk around town and everyone is talking about cheering thanking loving telling you how fantastic you naming breakfast cereals after you. The series stands at 3-2 to the Game Six is on in shines to keep World Series world without couple of years we heard news that the population of all vertebrate species had fallen by in 40 years. On we were told that by 2020 the figure is likely to rise to of all vertebrates. no wonder conservationists are shouting. They are desperate to get their message heard. it are on the way out. And no one appears to much a world without animals. soon see how much we need blessings of stronger and smokier has become a staple spirit in trendy bars across and the and it has inevitably attracted the interest of global alcohol giants. Traditionally produced in small batches by farmers who use the drink has struck a chord with the growing sector of consumers passionate about slow markets and craft drinks. Local are worried a unique spirit is under meteoric rise but not all industry insiders are ready to case you missed it a tour promoting his Born to says politics is about the way you live your life a system of belief he learned from his mom. mother was basically he told the insisted on creating a world where she could make her children feel as safe as even though she certainly had her faults in that area. But she was consistent. You could count on her. Day after day after day. And she was very can change a life in three minutes with the right US elections 
Harry to claim draw for at Arsenal on return Read more will go top if they beat this afternoon. You can follow that match right right v Premier League Read more Peep a fair result at the end of a good game. Both Arsenal and Spurs extend their different unbeaten runs Arsenal in all competitions since Spurs in the Premier League this season. Both sides will have misplaced grievances about the goals they conceded own goal and Harry penalty. Thanks for your shakes hands with after the final whistle. min cross finds on the penalty but he shins a miserable volley back across the area. That was a decent chance as well. min There will be five minutes of added time. 90 min clipped cross from the left is headed straight at by on the penalty spot. That was a decent although the lack of pace on the cross was not in his There would have been controversy had it gone in because ended up on the floor at feet. misses a chance. 89 min Son is replaced by Harry Winks. 88 min throws the ball back to who slips 20 yards outside his own area. It looks like Son will get to the ball but then he bottles a with jumping over the top of him. That was bizarre. 86 min A crucial defensive header from the stretching at the far post denies a clear headed chance from cross. has been terrific today. 84 min That break in play has helped who have had more of the ball in the last few minutes. And now has hit the It was a big from the left wing that went past the head of beyond and bounced onto the inside of the far post. might feel he should have scored as well. fails to connect with Images 81 min think that journalists actually supported any says assumed they all just HATED MY 80 min Kyle Walker is limping off the to be replaced by 79 min says fallen into the trap and revealed yourself. Your belief that both of these teams are likable is clear evidence that you are really a fan of team I dislike in this 78 min Spurs get although generously gives them some respite by smashing well wide from 25 yards. 75 min many fouls does have to make to get a says every he was lucky not to be booked for flattening someone in the to that chance. 74 min finds the whose shot is blocked by and then ricochets off another Spurs defender to safety. Arsenal look much the likelier winners at the moment. 73 min Arsenal are starting to put pressure on Spurs. fouls runs away with the ball in his hands and is booked for a hybrid. 73 min replaces the weary 72 min brilliant angled through ball from the left slithers through the sliding and finds just outside the box to the left. is quickly off his line and blocks shot. That was superb keeping. The resulting corner comes to who wafts it not far over the bar from long range. smothers effort. 71 min Arsenal have moved to the with behind and on the right. 70 min Arsenal make their final and replace and 69 min break three on and is booked for a foul on 35 yards from goal. He actually got the ball but Mark said he went through I think is a bit unlucky there. looks utterly not and is getting ready. fouls Images Sending to the floor and a yellow card from Mark Images 68 min that email on your Spurs can I say that I think of all you as somewhat like the judiciary above petty personal prejudices and intent on reporting says hope the Guardian provides you with the suitable clothing and that you soon find yourselves on the front page of the Daily sure we are unconsciously biased at times. But I give two hoots about who wins this game both sides and both managers are extremely and tell I would love it if either of them won the league. 66 min a little bit ragged all of a with the game lurching from end to end. Both teams could use a and an injury to Rose has given them one. 65 min A positive substitution from on. 63 min After a somnolent this has developed into an excellent game. 61 min And now a chance for A short corner on the left is played back to whose superb cross evades the head of who was unmarked in front of goal after a brilliant late run. misses a chance. 60 min Another chance for Son plays it down the left to who fizzes a cross towards at the far post. His volley hit and came back off before going behind for a It looked like a interception from though replays suggested had his volley back across goal. Either it was a good chance. 58 min That was fifth goal in four Premier League matches against Arsenal. 56 min The needless manner of has unsettled Arsenal. But they have a corner after a vital header over his own bar by 55 min makes an excellent save to deny desperate defensive header fell for who drilled the ball low towards toe corner from 12 yards with his left foot. got down smartly to his right to push it wide. The penalty came from a winding run by who was elegantly shielding the ball with his left foot. stuck a leg out just inside the box and definitely tripped It was a really stupid piece of defending as says on a soft but undeniable penalty. clips the penalty straight down the middle. scores from the spot to And celebrates. This looks controversial as well. falls over just inside the box after a tackle from and Mark gives a penalty. Replays suggest it was a good decision. fouls resulting in a penalty. Images 49 min A great run from who scoots down the right and nutmegs on the edge of the box. But in doing so he overruns the ball and that allows to slide across and make a crucial interception. 48 min was an ugly moment on the commentary when used a sentence with the word in it then a moment later had to say know what discern by the says awkward and a joke about the Guardian. The poor guy feel he still has to deal with the stereotypes of the the 25 years later. I originally mistyped that as and perhaps I should have let it just banter. 47 min know what getting at in the 44th though the gave following that comment did make my skin crawl says think the vast majority of us miss the genuine physical battles of but prefer it took the form of no ask no rather than Mac jumping out of his chair and shouting over a theatrical a fair point. If you say you like physical people think Dyer. 46 min Peep Spurs begin the second kicking from left to right. Fan mail just want to thank you for through 45 minutes of writes Brown. you are clearly a Spurs I can imagine this is very difficult for and I wish you the best of luck on the last 45 minutes. Just this too will are no words that can adequately convey the stunningly ignorant and childish nature of emails like this. What do you think going to That spend the second half rooting for the That out myself as a Spurs That meet up and have nobody cares about your petty or your attempt at wit. I wish you the worst of luck for the next 45 minutes purely because of your I now hope Spurs win 8-1. On says the Arsenal goal was the correct decision. In the an not the referee. was offside behind and his presence was probably the reason headed the ball. But because did not make a direct move towards the not offside according to the laws of the game. fingers caught in sliding door that Saints dodged Read more Spurs started excellently with their new back but Arsenal woke up at and were superb for the last 15 minutes. The manner of the a own goal that should have been was but overall they deserve their lead. See you in 10 minutes for the second half. disappointed with the goal. min is back clutching a tissue. a bit of blood coming out of his nose but he should be fine. min a nasty clash between and on the halfway line. looks groggy and is receiving treatment. 44 min kicked off at the Emirates. accused of and a load of Arsenal players charged towards him. nice to says speaking for the silent majority who preferred football before it was emasculated. clashes pressure has told. is headed down into the corner of his own net by He was stretching towards his own and had to do something with two Arsenal players behind him but those two players were so Spurs will feel pretty aggrieved. scores first with an own goal. 42 min At the precise moment you read somewhere is stroking their chin and opining that Spurs need 41 min After a sluggish Arsenal have been much the better side in the last 10 minutes. 39 min hits the The superb played a good square pass on the halfway line to who played an even better angled pass to usher towards goal. He took a touch and as the ball bounced up on the edge of the launched a vicious shot that clattered off the inside of the near post with beaten. The rebound came to who control the bouncing ball with his right foot and fired over. effort hits the post. 38 min At the precise moment you read somewhere is stroking their chin and opining that this game needs a goal. 36 min seems to be fouled on the edge of the D by Mark gives Spurs 34 min Another dangerous Arsenal break. eases the ball down the inside left to whose cutback is put behind for a corner by 33 min not saying not playing but this game oddly exactly exploded into life says Guy have expected the to be on the front foot but not really had a decent sniff yet. Having said still absolutely bricking 32 min Walker is back on. low cross just evades at the near post. Arsenal break and misses a great chance. It was a with two superb passes from and then He teed up who tamely and too close to from 12 yards.
There are only days to go before the US presidential election on 8 What are the latest polls For an election that is generating more passion on both sides than any in recent pollsters and pundits are offering scant comfort to those seeking clarity about result. Most outlets continue to predict victory for but various models differ greatly in the certainty they award that and various polling averages disagree on the margin. model gives a chance of winning to while the New Times sticks its neck out with an chance of a presidency to for Trump. polling average has ahead by 1.7 percentage while average gives her a 5.5 percentage point have these indicators changed since announced the was looking into emails Amid this dense electoral what is clear is that bombshell last that the is in a sense reviving its probe into use of a private email server when she was US secretary of state has had a profound impact on the race. It allowed until then mired in his own controversy over his attitudes towards to swing the spotlight back onto his perceived untrustworthiness. Probably as a the Republican plummeting poll ratings have bringing them within the margin of error both on a national measure and in key states such as and even propelling him into the lead in the bellwether state of happening now about the Is there a agents are racing through 650,000 emails reported to have been found on a laptop shared between of and her estranged husband of the It is not known how many of those emails came to or from nor how many might have related to or might already have been examined by the Bureau. If there are any new it will take time to work out whether they contain classified material. So the search is unlikely to be completed by leaving this Sword of dangling over the Democratic presidential candidate as go to the polls. How is early voting than 34 million have already surpassing the 32 million who cast their ballots early four years ago. Will this benefit or no easy answer to that given variations both by state and electoral group. But there are clues. The good news for is that turnout among early voters has increased dramatically over suggesting that the of the vote might actually have been awoken this year by rhetoric. The bad news is that the such a vital element in the coalition built by in his two successful presidential is relatively sluggish this time as is turnout for young voters. The fall in black turnout could be especially perilous for in swing states such as North which has been identified by both candidates as a key early voters change their as Trump has and have they Trump is trying to use the furor over the renewed interest in emails to persuade those early voters feeling remorse to switch their preference. that you see that was a big change your he said on making the same appeal at a campaign stop this week in one of six states that do actually allow early voters to change their minds in The others are New and Some early voters have made use of this though probably not in numbers large enough to make a the latest from and why is the Sunshine State so accounts for 29 of the 270 electoral college votes needed to which puts it on a par with New and means it has fewer than only and Combine that with the history of squeakily close presidential elections won here in 2012 by just 74,000 out of more than votes and you have the mother of all swing states. All modeling suggests Trump must win or kiss goodbye to the White although for it may not be quite so crucial. True to the race in is looking too close to call. is counting on a large turnout of in central while Trump is bashing the theme of the investigation into emails in the hope of riling into backing him. Twitter How does the US electoral college are voters reacting to holding back of his tax is the first presidential nominee of either main party since in 1972 to withhold his or her tax returns. His only return to have been made courtesy of a New Times suggests he may have avoided paying federal income tax for two decades. His reluctance is deeply with polls showing that voters overwhelmingly think he should publish the as do of Republican voters and almost half of own supporters. But whether that translates into actual votes remains a moot point. What about other with female seems that crude comments captured on a hot about making uninvited sexual advances to women might not have dissuaded many staunch conservative women voters from supporters him. But it has hurt him among white women voters generally who will play an important role in determining the outcome of the election. Ten recent polls show with an historically high advantage among women plans are there for this everything to play both candidates will be clocking up serious air miles. Trump will be focusing on North on seeking to repeat Mitt victory there in 2012. will be with in on where she will also attend a blockbuster rally on night alongside Bill and and and Voters in key swing states will also be bombarded by and radio with hoping to exploit her vastly superior resources she has in her to the do Trump and head off to a beach somewhere to catch up on their Sadly for no. For the lucky the hard work will have only just begun. They must prepare for life in the White starting with the inauguration on 20 has entrusted the job of handling her transition into the most powerful job to former interior secretary Ken while team is led by New Jersey governor And the sorry Should that be expect this workaholic to be idle for long. Having licked her there would be work to be done rebuilding the philanthropic which has taken knocks during the as well as money to be made on the speaker circuit. A defeated Trump could be expected to be even cranking up what many expect will be a Trump which already been road testing on elections 
is listing some of the topics covered by the novels published. Beneath the Darkening about a child soldier in Running the about the war in When she mentions the her with whom she founded the independent publisher Publications 30 years raises his eyebrows. has to be genital really cheerful things to ease you into he Sellout rips up rulebook for what fiction looks like Read it is that makes acquire the fiction she clearly working. She is the editor responsible for acquiring and publishing the last two winners of the Man Booker A Brief History of Seven a account of the attempted murder of Bob which judges called last and satire of racial politics in The which the jury compared to Swift and Twain when it won the award in It was turned down 18 times before it reached an incredible achievement for any let alone one the size of its staff currently hovers around and only started publishing fiction in meet a few days after Booker win. A new printing of The Sellout is piled in the corner of the rushed through a reprint following its and and are slowly emerging from a flood of congratulatory emails. is now expecting a We have received so many emails about says Twitter felt his book was so first writer to win the Man Booker prize. for the couple met as students in the late studying going on to work in accountancy. married me because she wanted to go to says deadpan. said we had an oil well in our back garden and she believed all that. She wanted a free translator and a green was very keen to go and study the tribes in but he still taken says moved to for work. brought up their four children until life as a housewife began to and in 1986 they decided to give publishing a try. gave up work and we went into this and soon after that we stay there and moved to says I did the introduction to publishing he did the introduction to the children in they set up an computer in their dining room and dipped their toes in the water. They knew exactly what kind of books they were aiming to nonfiction for a broad was no so there was no way of filling that says went into and said really interested in And the complete works of or an text There was nothing in between. So we really wanted to get academics to write for a broad audience. Our job was to seek out academics and ask them to write and then do a lot of editing and help them to understand broad audiences no no make it Twitter could have filled the niche quicker if gone to Mark nothing about publishing did the introduction to publishing and he did the introduction to they approach agents. they went directly to authors and built their list a book at a could have filled the niche quicker if gone to agents but it just a world we were familiar with. They know us and we know them. We start seeking out agents until 15 years says think one of the reasons we did start going to agents was because see books on other lists that we felt would have been perfect for but people know us and what we were has covered topics from psychology to politics and art. This it acquired the Panama Papers at the Book and had it in bookshops in seven weeks. translated it from edited typeset proofread it and indexed it and printed it in that says had five translators. They worked over the weekends to get it done. We were proud of the publishers still know what type of book will fit their list. think people see us as quite and tried quite hard over the last 10 years to broaden our list. doing more on nature and history and because really about making information and ideas as accessible to as broad an audience as says actually say an actual For us not a question of how do we publish more that looking for diversity all the is largely why they took the step into fiction in more than two decades after was founded. take you into another world or another culture and bring it home to you in a way that you with the characters and therefore you remember the issues and think about says you take The if done a nonfiction book on racism which we actually X people will read it. But if you do a particularly a satirical novel that really points some quite sharp fingers at what is going on set in but applicable to a degree to most countries in the world a lot more people will read and it gives them a chance to with the people experiencing put the word out that it was looking for was offered novelist The Book of Night which went on to become the first novel published. just thought I believe this is on the but it had been turned down by everybody it was seen as very much an or says. Set on a slave plantation at the end of the 19th century and written entirely in pidgin says she have chosen a more perfect first Twitter who won the 2015 Man Booker prize for fiction for A Brief History of Seven Killings. Clay for the years would go on to win the 2015 Man Booker for his third A Brief History of Seven a victory followed up by The Sellout in 2016. Like previous The Sellout had also been widely turned down by publishers until was alerted to its existence by the literary editor and acquired it shortly felt his book was so and I just think satire is a very clever way of making your point. You can read it as a funny book or as a book with some really serious things to say. I felt it was the right book for the both in with the racial element affecting the and here with and the rise in hate says We're looking for diversity all the time. It's possible agents and booksellers don't see the world the way we the was publishing four or five novels a year. up to on a list of 60 new titles next year. Coming the independent publisher has a host of novels it is hoping will be contenders for the Man Booker International prize for translated fiction including author writer and author Fever fiction makes absolute because if you limit yourself to the language you cannot express the different views of people all over the and the says us not a question of how do we publish more that looking for diversity all the time... possible agents and booksellers see the world the way we but I hope is clear that the novels she chooses fiction list is purely down to taste are those which something important to but not in a worthy has to be great really good a strong a strong and something else about it that makes you that stays with that you mull she says. you look at and both of them have that edginess to them that is this is opening a world that you ought to see and that you probably aware and what makes it special for me. not saying everybody buys books like but to me what makes it great although maybe what makes it risky for everybody but Man Booker prize pitches tiny publishers into big league Read the success two consecutive Booker wins have brought them A Brief History of Seven Killings has sold around 360,000 copies to and The Sellout is at the top of the books charts since its win and have no wish to sell up and become part of a large corporate entity. Thirty years the couple still share an and still believe remaining independent is the way to think either of us are very admits lot of small get bought and then you just lose your sense of purpose and your it gets corrupted. We are very fortunate that within reason we can buy what we like. I can take a risk because my money ... I would struggle if I had to pitch some of my choices to a roomful of largely men basically trying to get me to defend why a book is and 
football has been far too slow to tackle an environment where homophobia is still sometimes and gay players are scared to come a parliamentary committee was told on The warning came from the former star John who said he was in contact with Premier League players who were afraid to be open about their sexuality because they knew their clubs and managers would not be the first player to come out in told on the media and sport select committee that there were reasons why the gay Premier League players he knew had not come including fears of how they would be treated by their clubs. of them feel that their team specifically would not be he said. their but the the club and the administration around them. They either know them to be openly having stood in conversations or having overheard conversations that were or suspected it. It is interesting how many of them I know are out to a greater or lesser extent to their friends and a selection of their amazing to me that people that there are lots of players whose picks them up after training and that always be the come out Read also pointed to another reason why a top player had not come they did not want to be defined by their sexuality. day your achievements define the next day your sexuality does and I can tell you that is race walker Tom who came out as gay before the told the that a gay footballer would be for the way athletes were treated in the said while Athletics had been tremendously supportive to him he was in contact with gay stars from other sports who had not come including one who was a bigger name than but was not in an to do so. think it highlights the support there from and managers all the way he talks to sports star John on coming out Read year the Daily Mirror claimed that two Premier League players including an England international were preparing to publicly come out as gay by the start of the 2016-17 season and had the full support of their respective clubs and the Football Association. that did not and it remains the case that no top footballer has said they were gay while playing at the highest levels of the the FA told that he was no gay players in the Premier League had felt able to come and cited a small minority of people who hurled vile abuse at players as being the main told the select committee that while there was a small minority of fans who freed up to behave when they entered football the culture in the game be changed if senior figures in football had the will to act more most managers get blamed for the people they lead. And yet somehow we are led to believe that fans are somehow feral and uncontrollable and we have got no choice to let them do what they asked who said the lack of sanction for leaders for sexist emails or homophobic in the past had sent a message to fans that what they did was has all the resources it he said. has the resources to hire the best cultural change people. We do not accept in workplaces the kind of things that we accept in sport. They could change it tomorrow if they want to. The fact they is down to their will. Nothing also urged sporting authorities to provide education about homophobia for coaches at all levels after agreeing with one MP that he had never heard a Premier League manager talk about the issue. could demand coaches at every level stop being emotionally illiterate and intellectual disinterested troglodyte men who are willing to sustain the status quo as it he who is admitted he was surprised to be still having a conversation about homophobia in sport. is not an intractable problem to be solved. The things that are tolerated with homophobia are not tolerated when it comes to race. It is a tacit message from sport that the of my skin is worthy of protection but my sexuality is 
the controversial journalist turned has been appointed as the head of a charity to promote free schools in will take over as director of the New Schools Network in to run the charity backed by the Department for Education to lobby for more of the schools to be opened and assist with the application former Conservative parliamentary hopeful and associate editor of the Spectator quickly moved to reassure free school supporters that his role would not be politically own political views are But in my capacity as director of I will be Young said in an email to the not just because I want to continue working with a broad range of groups and also because I want free schools to remain a central part of public education system and that is most likely to happen if they command as much political support as free market but not when it comes to schools Read has already done some fantastic work in this winning over on all and that is something I hope to he appointment was attacked by the shadow education as a PR schools are failing all over the at a soaring cost to the taxpayer. appointment is a PR gimmick to try and put some much needed gloss over their abysmal she government should focus on addressing the real problems facing education and junk this ideological obsession with free which are no answer to the real problems facing education in our The education could come back to haunt Read previous director was Nick in a brief stint between his posts as special adviser to May at the Home Office and his current role as joint chief of staff in Downing was founded by Wolf in who later became adviser on education in the No 10 policy unit. Her left after being appointed a Conservative peer in the House of Lords by Young to announce that be the new Director of from 1st It's a fantastic charity that helps groups set up free appointment of the media figure is designed to give a shot in the arm to the free school which has been increasingly by large chains of schools rather than the local community groups originally envisaged by the former education and Twitter Do free schools the middle the chair of were most excited by ambitious ideas for building on existing efforts to get charities and community involved in setting up schools where they can make a difference to their are about 500 free schools open or being planned. Recent waves of approvals by the have seen free school openings dominated by existing academy chains in a single was approved to open 21 new free was an early supporter of the free schools policy backed by and founded one of the first in the country to the West free in 2011. It was followed by a primary school in which has been rated as outstanding by free schools to teach etiquette and fine dining Read free school pupils performed well in the first set of results this with of the first cohort to sit the exams getting at least five grades of C or including and hit the headlines this summer when he stepped down as chief executive of the after was very critical of public education system under the last and I grasped how difficult it is to do and to bring about has also called for business leaders with no teaching experience to be appointed as school of running a successful school involves being a good manager. People who have had a lot of managerial experience should be able to bring a lot of that to bear on leading a Young told the 
Investors flocked into the haven of gold on amid jitters in the global financial markets prompted by fears that Trump could pull off a shock victory in the US presidential and the US dollar also fell after opinion polls suggested that the contest between Trump and his Democrat was now too close to assumption that was cruising to a comfortable victory has been shattered by the announcement on that it was looking into a batch of freshly discovered emails that might have a bearing on its investigation into the former US secretary of state. Twitter is no in email investigation the battle for the White House entered its final evidence that seemingly unassailable lead has been whittled away led investors to speculate on a repeat of the referendum in when opinion polls were suggesting a victory for the remain side throughout the campaign and up until the polls that a bit less certain that is going to seeing the impact of investors finally taking evasive action probably evasive action which they should have taken a month said Ken market analyst at City Index. caution is setting chief executive of seeming improbable to most of us for the majority of the last the prospect of a Trump presidency has long unsettled economists and market who predicted he would bring uncertainty to was highlighted by a poll that showed that a Trump win was the likely result of next causing global markets to panic and investors to back away from the dollar. Now that the stability represented by is no longer the following week will be a tense period as global markets seek to avoid the kind of complacency shown before the rose to stand at just over an ounce as investors sought out safe havens in the event of a defeat for the dollar lost ground against the the the Swiss franc and the recently battered pound. Sterling was up of a cent against the greenback to just over its highest level in three dropped on the major with the leading index of shares the 100 closing 72 points lower at 6,845. In New the 500 was on course in early trading to post its seventh consecutive day of losses. Twitter Trump smiles during a campaign rally in markets were also rattled by a drop in oil prices following news of the biggest increase in crude stocks in the US since modern records began in 1982. The cost of a barrel of US light crude dropped by almost on news that oil inventories in the past week had jumped by more than barrels compared with the barrel increase dealers had Federal the US central continued its approach to interest rates at the end of a meeting. But the Fed dropped a broad hint that it would act at its next meeting in by saying that there was not enough evidence the time to warrant higher borrowing US economist at Capital said there was a risk that the unsettled mood in the financial markets could linger on even when the result of next election was known since there was a risk of a repeat of events 16 years ago when the race between Bush and Gore was finally decided by the Supreme Court weeks after polling presidential election race is now too close to raising the possibility of a election result that would be aggressively disputed by one or both of the Hunter said. those the infamous 2000 election suggests that the uncertainty could persist for at least a month and could weigh heavily on the stock market during that 
Late in the afternoon of 23 four white men walked into the middle of a quiet road on the outskirts of blocking the path of a bright yellow sedan. The leader of the group a man in his approached the car and peered through the front window. Contorting his face into the most menacing grimace he could he surveyed the people a white two black men and two black want that nigger he straining to make himself heard over the rain pelting the asphalt him out of the he barked. His accomplices approached the yanked open its and pulled out one of the black then the a skinny in a pale shirt. said one of the white grabbing him by the leader of the gang leering. a white will you He had a cigarette in his and he blew smoke straight in his face. gonna nigger. get that rope on him. Take him to that tree down there. show him what we do with uppity lynching in the living memorial to history of racist violence Read of the accomplices also also put a noose around the black neck. Because the white man was the shorter of the he had to stretch upward for a standing almost on tiptoes. He was trying to look but instead he looked maybe even a little the side of the about 100 most of them watched from under umbrellas. Many were filming the scene with phones or one of the black women leaned out of the car. she pointing at one of the white men. know you. seen you before. I know crowd let out a low moan a collective acknowledgment of both disbelief and despair at the boldness in the presence of white aggressors. how could one crowd member asked me later. was she Inside the the other black woman in so you know Do you said the a his accomplices conferred. dead niggers is better than one remarked triggering another round of screams from inside the leader concurred. all out of the white men pulled the two women from the car and started pushing all four of their captives down a steep path that led through a line of trees to the bank of the onlookers followed. More phones and tablets came out. A cameraman from a television station positioned himself by the tree making sure he got the perfect of the group coming down from the the white men jeering and the black couples calling each names and on the the white men steered the two black men and two black women on to a panel of fake green where they bound them together with a length of rope. Twitter The Ford Bridge lynching reenactment. for the of the onlookers had a good idea what was coming seen it or read about it. Others had a hazy sense of what they were about to witness. All they knew was that we were gathered to see a lynching at the exact spot where it had taken place 70 years decades is a long time. But more than one person would tell me as the climax they felt the distance between and contracting. After a handful of people in the audience had been alive on 25 when these murders were committed. Some of them had been living just a few miles away from where we were now standing in the pouring feeling the heavy presence of a violent and bracing for the brutal the century after the end of the civil lynching became a fixture of life in the United especially in the south. Though often remembered as acts of vigilante justice carried out by these acts of terror were widely tolerated by state and federal officials and often attended by large crowds that included prominent local citizens and their elected all eager to see newly liberated black southerners reminded that white people could kill them with exact number of murders will never be but the most comprehensive recent study has identified at least 4,075 killings between 1877 and 1950. There has been no prominent public memorial or monument to the thousands of black lives taken by white terrorism in Plans to build the first such in were announced only a few months Crow lynchings more widespread than first report concludes Read for the last 12 there has been one unique and extraordinary effort to commemorate a single the infamous 1946 killing of two black men and their wives in a crime that would shock the nation and help spark major changes in the even as its perpetrators went unidentified and 14 a black farm worker named Roger drove a knife into the stomach of his boss and a prominent white farm owner named and had both grown up in a major town in 40 miles east of As they had even played together on the family farm. But now they were separated by a vast was white and owned from which he profited was black and worked the from which he eked out a living. Like many black citizens of was determined to leave soon and head north to in search of better employment and social a notoriously had come to believe that his was having sex with Drunk and confronted in front of his house. In the scuffle that took out a knife and stabbed him. The fight was witnessed by several other members of the who were inclined to kill on the spot. But they demurred. would have to serve according to one account. let the others do was sent to a local hospital. was locked in the local jail. Eleven days when it was clear that would survive his a white cotton farmer named came downtown to secure notionally bailing him out in exchange for future Such arrangements were widespread in the south. In especially during the cotton it was common for local sheriffs and police to spend making sure the jail was stocked with cheap workers for the week to had a a veteran of the second world war who lived and worked on farm with his and had lobbied to post bail. He would be they as a source of white profit than as a black man sitting in a poorly guarded jail in the of town. and accompanied on the journey to pick up after he had collected from jail and driven out of downtown with both and both in his came to a stop just before the wooden slat bridge that crossed the River. Up there was a group of white men blocking the road. They had guns. A few minutes the and were each of their bodies shot multiple times with pistols and shotguns at range. Either before or after the shooting someone tied a noose around but he was not lynching of black citizens had been common ever since the emancipation of and the failure of the Reconstruction designed to enforce racial equality in the former Confederacy. But the nature of these murders had evolved over the years. Twitter Coroner WT Brown and Sheriff Bond at Ford Bridge in on 26 a day four black people were killed there by a lynch mob. and were by as historians came to call public events at which white people gathered by the hundreds to watch typically black get set on castrated dismembered on their way to death. spectators would get caught up in the frenzy of the moment and join in the In the early 20th as activists and journalists drew attention to the persistence of racist mob justice across the national outrage grew. But lynchings did not they decreased in and they went underground. Now the murders were carried out quickly and quietly by small groups on lonely back where no one could see. The style was but since lynchings were never the message was the men who lynched the and in 1946 did not advertise ahead of time in local as their predecessors or encourage their to attend with families and picnic baskets in tow. No one cheered or took pictures while it happened. No photographs appeared on the front page of newspapers the following day. Like so many they were confident that the protective shield of the white power structure would keep them safe so long as they too confidence was more than warranted. Local police did not even launch an investigation into the murder of the and On all four death the coroner wrote the bureaucratic phrase for had been listed as the cause of death for victims of lynchings across the the hands of persons agents came to two days after the looking to see whether a federal prosecution might be possible. But they quickly that none of the white residents of County wanted to help them some because they were too others because they were helping with the a black who had witnessed a conversation between the plotters at the ice house where he was brave enough to come forward and testify. In two white men beat him to within an inch of his the perspective of the the lynching could hardly have been more successful. News of the deed spread almost instantly through the entire county by word of searing the threat of violence into the consciousness of all who heard about the same its specific details played what who tied the who pulled the who lied to protect the guilty were already slipping through the fingers of anyone who tried to grasp them. The killers must have been confident as time the story would only grow and the facts of the crime would be forgotten. Only the fear would then something unexpected happened. Two days after the news of the killings reached F the head of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored who had spent decades investigating lynchings across the country firsthand. White was but could pass as white something he had used to his advantage over the years while interviewing proud lynchers about their exploits. A canny he felt that the decision to kill and along with their husbands might public disgust. were lynched relatively sent graphic briefings on the case to news outlets across the country. Reporters started flocking to bringing news that lynching which many white people thought of as a relic of the past was alive and cities across the people took to the streets in protest. In a teenage Martin King was inspired to write a letter to the editor of the Journal Constitution. his King refutes the commonplace argument that lynchings were an attempt to protect white women from the sexual aggression of black is fair to remember that almost the total of race mixture in has not at but by the acts of those very white men who talk loudest of race The Justice Department was flooded with mail expressing shock and frustration that such a crime could go unpunished in At the White a deluge of outraged telegrams demanded that President Harry take had never displayed much concern for racial justice. But like many other observers of the he was particularly disturbed that one of the had spent more than two years of the second world war fighting for the US in the South Pacific risking his life for his only to be gunned down by white supremacists at home. In invited White to to give a talk on the state of racial violence including the case in When the presentation was the face was pale. he said. had no idea it was as terrible as Three months he created the Committee on Civil which played a key role in ending the racial segregation of the federal workforce and the US military. Twitter The grave site of and who were killed in the Ford Bridge lynching. for the back in the murders stayed in the shadows. anyone would be fool enough to talk about the they would also be one white man told the Others proudly declared even if they did know they say so. A grand jury of white many from failed to approve charges against a single suspect. Decades passed. The suspects began to age and die. For as long as he the farmer who had secured Roger release from jail increasingly that he had not been part of the lynching and that he had not any of the killers. as mad as the way they killed my he told the during their original investigation. need all the nigger hands I can investigation closed. The reporters went home. In people white and black talked about the lynching behind closed doors or not at and those who remembered that it had happened started to die and move away. Some told their children the but many preferred to avoid the subject. own son from an earlier who was spirited out of town on the night of the only learned the full story of his killing decades and reconciliation is coming to from the grassroots E Read after 45 years of a witness came forward. In a white man named walked into the field office in Panama When he was he he had witnessed the lynching by the River from a nearby field. He had seen some of the he and knew who they were. claimed to have been intimidated into silence by a campaign of harassment that had followed him from state to state. His dramatic story unleashed a wave of media including newspaper television an interview with and an eventual not come the case might have fallen even further into obscurity. it became a symbol of the scars that racial violence had left on the psyche and the ways that rigorously enforced white both past and had been integral to distorting and the history of that violence. The which had recently reopened a spate of cold cases from the civil rights added the lynching to the excitement of revelations did not last the had lost much of the original and his testimony was riddled with contradictions and chronological errors that made it practically useless. whatever his he had successfully brought the story back to few years in a small group of activists in both black and began searching for ways to engrave the memory of the lynching on to the history of County. Calling themselves the Ford Memorial Committee the bridge that crosses the River by the site of the they began to hold community forums in which people could share their memories of the and their experiences of racial violence. many decades after the end of the county had been among the worst places in the country to be a free black Twitter The historical marker sign at the roadside near the site of the Ford Bridge lynching. for the activists pushed the state of to erect an official roadside sign to mark the site of the which was put up in 1999. They combed through abandoned cemeteries until they found the graves. That same they held an approximation of the military funeral had never received. who had been beaten after daring to testify against the lynchers 53 years attended the The activists received a steady trickle of death threats and hate but they also slowly won local including some white a veteran of the southern civil rights movement who had become a state approached the activists in with a quixotic a Just he urged the of how much media attention that would bring to the case of the pressure it would put on the the are used primarily to commemorate the battles of the civil war. They are often to varying with nostalgia for the of the Confederacy. So the suggestion that the activists might perform a lynching instead was very mischievous said Mark an anthropologist who studies memorial rituals and has attended the event several times. in many the prime currency of in the But mention they mention they mention On the each traditional is an exercise in taken they represent a collective in which the Confederacy is defined by nothing but the brave spirit of its war on the Confederate Read idea of performing the lynching tore the Ford Memorial Committee a split that was particularly painful because it occurred largely along racial lines. Many black members of the group certainly not found themselves drawn to the Most white members found the idea viscerally a confrontational spectacle unlikely to serve the cause of reconciliation. thought it was a step too one of founding told me. steps too far. Totally too divisive. I can you name one other place in the world where people get together to act out a disgusting piece of racial violence with absolutely no element of Can first took place in an improvised and emotional performance for an audience that included a reporter for the New Times and civil rights luminaries such as and Martin successor as the president of the Southern Leadership Conference. It has been staged every year the many logistical challenges of a the greatest might be recruiting white cast members. Based on the available there were at least a dozen white men involved in the original crime. In recent the have been lucky to get five or six. white people just a minister who has directed the for the last eight told me. is ask everyone. I ask my white friends. They all say no. They all I could never do In the first year of the the four white men who had volunteered to portray the killers backed out at the last the lynch mob was played by young black men wearing white plastic the black roles is only slightly told me. Some people she approaches act then never show up for rehearsal. Some but then back out before the actual performance. Some perform for a year or then drop out. I get she told me. hurts. It fills your mind with hurt. I been on a date in and why Because thinking about all this Twitter director of the Ford Bridge lynching reenactment. Working on it your mind with she says. for the changes said the white director who preceded uses you up. It used me nights before this most of the cast gathered to rehearse at Sights and a museum of black cultural from fugitive slave posters to 5 records housed in a moribund shopping mall in a suburb of about an drive from In its early the cast was drawn mostly from today a town of about 13,000 and County. But over the local participation has steadily declined. This every member of the cast was an and were played by young actors trying to break into professional film and Only one had participated in the and none had heard of the Ford lynching until contacted them asking for their help. who played Roger told me that during rehearsals he reminded consisted largely of older white men calling him tying a noose around his and pretending to shoot him repeatedly he sometimes sank into and sometimes flared into sudden fury. he out in the real find myself back in those not even at first where they came shooting and Crow lynchings have too much in common. time for to own up Read the actors and the audience it was impossible to ignore the charged significance of the murder of innocent black men and women at a moment when one candidate for president was running a campaign of undisguised racism and police across the country were still killing unarmed black men with numbing even sadder this said who played in 2015 and this read the you then you go home and turn on the news and you stop the She did not mean to she quickly that 2016 was the same as 1946. the history really weighs on you last met a woman who introduced herself as a descendant of a man named Snipes. Five days before the lynching in Snipes had been murdered in 100 miles to the south for the of exercising his right to vote. winner of that Governor campaigned on a promise to ensure that black then the largest in the would never have access to the ballot that when mentioned the story to her parents who had family roots in County they suddenly went silent. It turned out that was related to her parents had never told her. At the told she understand their reticence. the more I thought about the more I got she said especially once this rehearsals started. but I can understand now. I can feel this part of myself that would maybe turn away and not say anything. just too terrible. You want to touch Twitter Actor who played the role of Roger in the reenactment this year. for the of the white cast members were not actors at all. One longtime Bob is a descendant of a man who was lynched in in after being sentenced to life in prison for a crime he likely did not commit. Unhappy that Frank had not received the death a group of prominent white people a former governor of broke into the prison where he was being abducted him and hung him from a a journalist who for years has played the lynching ringleader whose wife and daughters have also smiled ruefully as he recalled his efforts to recruit his white and coworkers for the lynch mob. this they just ignore me. If they respond. If they cut it just as short as they can. These are people known for was he but not impossible to understand. not easy. not a show where the bad guys are the bad and on the screen and in your While preparing for his first he drove out to and made his way to the site of the lynching. was just he said. knocked me down. I wept and crucial feature of the is by the standards commonly used to judge realist it particularly accomplished. The actors are either amateurs or apprentices still finding their way to whatever dramatic powers they might possess. It is hard for them to all get together to especially because people drop out so frequently. secondary members will have joined the production just a few days before the budget hovers reliably around zero occasionally supplemented by infusions from or other supporters. This means lots of touches in the it means guns that look and sound like the plastic toys they are. The yellow which is more than 1946 is only rented for the day of the so the cast get to use it in rehearsals. As a the key scene where the and are pulled from the car is marked by pauses in which the cast tries to pretend it pausing to figure out who needs to reposition themselves where in order to keep the action stage plays and imperfections such as these can break the carefully cultivated spell of or stop it from being cast in the first place. But as I watched the and get pulled from the yellow I felt a claustrophobic flush of fear and shame more intense than any film could elicit. In the weeks leading up to the I had heard stories of audience members sobbing and calling out in pain. Even fierce critics of the had admitted to me after attending out of they had found it unexpectedly moving. Twitter I watched them get pulled from the yellow I felt a claustrophobic flush of fear and the Ford Bridge lynching for the conversation after the same phrases kept popping like a like a And still I was shocked by the ragged intensity of my reaction. The scene in front of me a careful or tasteful copy of the it was a messy attempt to drag a heavy memory up into the light of day. Not so it could be changed or fixed the moment was trapped in terrible the and would not be saved but simply to insist it could not be audience was almost entirely with a sprinkling of white people Some of those present were old enough to remember the reign of the lynch and a small handful had actually been in on the day of the murders. an black man who was visiting relatives near in the summer of approached me at a gathering held at First Baptist Church before the What he he told was being suddenly yanked inside by his aunt when she got the news. closed the she locked the and she His mother was in more than 800 miles away. As soon as she heard what had she got in the car and drove continuously until she reached Hunter and his siblings the next day. had to have us he has attended the every year since it he said. But he always watch the whole too easy for me to imagine black people getting The first few as the climax he reflexively turned his back on the scene and walked away. know not he told me. know. But He finish the the crowd followed the off the road for the final I watched Hunter pause and stare at the ground. After a few he lifted his head and slowly walked toward the final moments of the took barely a minute to play but they were were its slowest and most lynching crew tied their victims together and forced them onto the patch of fake turf. They stepped raised their plastic toy and aimed. The ringleader counted down one and then the white men squeezed their triggers. In some past people have set off fireworks in the woods to simulate the gun in the shooters have yelled This there was no sound at all. The victims fell on to the patch of fake turf that had been laid out for this purpose. the actors who fell directly on the ground were painfully bitten by red ants in the As they they burst bags of fake blood secreted in their a everyone the the the audience was completely still. The still bound by the ropes that had been tied around were pressed together on the when the this was the moment where it concluded. But in the years more scenes have been added. Most of the new scenes take place earlier in the before the lynching in spots around County. The audience sees Roger stab listens to gubernatorial candidate froth at the mouth about the disgrace of black and visits the graves. But one addition has been tacked on after the shooting. Twitter Spectators and camera crew at the final scene of the for the the white descended from walked over to the dead after peering at them for a bent down over and pressed his hands into her as if he were cutting her open. When he stood he was clutching a plastic doll of a black dripping with syrupy fake blood. A woman in the audience and the rest watched or kept filming as held up the baby for all to trying his best to look triumphant instead of is no firm evidence that was pregnant when she was murdered strong evidence to suggest that she But the has always lurked around the edges of the and similar acts of have been documented in other lynchings. To many regular participants in the the unborn baby has become a central of the severity of racial of the futures it made still of the particular ways it did and does target black women. To the role of the unborn child is even sickening. Several years a group of white feminists involved in the including the previous director left after failing to convince their that the child should be removed from the has a very complex relationship to what scholars call historical said Mark one it appears to be about and remembering exactly what happened in this particular spot in this particular day. On the other about the creation of resonant myths and rituals. might say that doing it to or to push the to prosecute. not but a partial summon up the spirit and presence of the dead for all kinds of continued. do it to get to know the to spend time with to continue life in the face of death. what gives the its its and what makes it so draining for everyone who touches in has always been a matter of power to to kill without to to to silence. But it has also been about the power to determine which memories the country sanctifies and which it discards. White preference the preference of that is has been for stories of progress and of national injury stitched up and healed over. The in is a different type of an open wound that has festered for 70 years of repression and neglect. This what makes it necessary for some and unbearable for investigates claim suspects in 1946 mass lynching may be alive Read the case remains open. In local newspapers reported that agents were digging up land in to look for guns used in the lynching. As recently as last federal agents were conducting interviews in the area. But even the most impassioned activists admit that no charges are likely to the concludes with a performed while the victims lie motionless on the ground. This an jazz sang Strange the haunting protest song about lynchings made famous by Two days at the final I watched her deliver the song with poise. her voice cracked and her body shook. The victims tried their best to remain completely still. the watched from the 25 just hours after the and were white people from and the surrounding towns started driving to Ford Bridge. They had heard through the local mill about what had just and now they wanted like the spectators of lynchings past. Policemen had already snatched up most of the bullets and rope for their own personal but there were still some scraps of clothing at the scene. One college student found a which he gave to a female who put it on her charm bracelet. Many people took posing with bloodstains or bullet holes in the trees the singing came to a the audience did not turn away. They moved walking toward the holding their phones and tablets to claim these images as their Follow the Long Read on Twitter at or sign up to the long read weekly email long rights 
I was a freshman at when I first encountered the Student Nonviolent Coordinating and it changed my life. I used to catch a bus at weekends to to work with an inspirational civil rights activist called who was working with pronounced to desegregate the public places. I liked the sound of so I left supposedly for one to work at its national office in I never went grew up in New where my father was a respected union man. The racism I encountered was palpable but teachers in seventh grade trying to put me in secretarial even though I was people I did babysitting for assuming do the dishes would never ask that of a white There was no blatant but people would make it uncomfortable for you. Despite I grew up thinking the police were on my side. The south was it was racist and even after the Civil Rights Act of and I knew I could be arrested for the slightest could type at 90 words a minute and do so I made myself useful in the office. It was a hub of filled with brilliant black people who knew how the world worked. I learned more there than I ever would have at college. It was an inclusive they valued everybody and made group decisions. I was never made to feel even though I was 18 and pretty naive. I learned the importance of checking your and developed a strong sense of self. And I that if you do nothing staged regular like this one photographed by the great in restaurants like this Toddle House. They followed a similar the staff got angry and refused to serve the police arrived and asked you to we and went limp as we were taken to the county jail. I would be detained for five or six but I had it I was never started to bawl. He handed me swings Joy 1993 Read made a and were fed and housed by local families or in dorms paid for by the office. often have parties to let off young black men are still arrested for no but thanks to social media people can film arrests and hold the police to account. I understand and that throwing a brick will make you feel better. But my advice to black teenagers is to do something get involved in local go into schools and give tutorials. will most help my community right now a documentary activist and work with universities. also a director of the Legacy Project. written about the dangers of focusing on the heroics of individuals in the civil rights such as as I think more important to focus on ordinary folk. If you believe only amazing people who are doing great you you can do too. The reason people teach the great man theory is it then got Are you in a notable Email rights me in the 
Ministers deliberately delayed a controversial report it was being forced to publish until after crucial council decisions on planning according to newly revealed documents also show ministers acknowledged they were open to a charge of double having granted local communities the final say over applications but overruling documents reveal and according to shadow and green which strengthen fears that the government is determined to force shale gas exploration on report on the impact of on the rural economy was produced by the Department of Food and Rural Affairs and published in 2014 in heavily redacted form. But used freedom of information rules to force the publication of the full report a year later. The report said could cause house prices to fall and risk damage to health and the but that it could also generate new county council was considering the first major planning applications from shale firm in 2015 and requested to see the full report. But new documents released by the energy department to under rules show then energy asked to delay the publication of the full report until after the email on 15 from private secretary to the then energy secretary Amber and media officers suggests we do nothing before planning decision if we have given as council rejection overturned Read report was duly published two days after which was to reject the applications. Emails show it was deliberately released late in the day around presumably to limit on 19 showed the awareness of concern while local communities had been given the power to reject applications could be pushed through by as then happened in 2016. The from an energy provided to for ahead of prime questions in the House of Commons. pressed on the double standards of letting communities have the final say on but not the Conservative manifesto set out a commitment to make changes to to give local people the final say on applications. We wholly agree that local communities should play a key role in determining shale operations in their local area through democratically elected councils and the planning shadow energy documents represent an astonishing of attempts to subvert and impede a reasonable debate about the merits and demerits of Altogether this is a sorry saga of evasion and which only serves to strengthen the now widely held opinion that government is determined to push through regardless of facts or and has actively connived to subvert inconvenient analysis when it who proposed the motion that requested the report to be published in is dirty tricks of the highest order a real It shows complete contempt for local democracy. It is very obvious they were hellbent on happening whatever we said in a dirty tricks make a mockery of any government claim to be on the side of local people. First the council was and now been revealed that the government tried to pull the wool over their eyes the energy department released documents related to the publication of the is still refusing to follow suit. should publish the correspondence on that has been hiding for more than a said Martin. is an opportunity for government to make a clean break with the past and prove they can be government spokesman complied fully with the information ruling that we publish the report within the established within 35 days of 9 the material made we do not believe this internal document which was incomplete and had not been was sufficiently analytically robust to inform 
Aside from the first pictures of Trump inside the White House there was no disputing the most terrifying image. Those racer snakes lying in wait for young marine iguanas on Sir wonderful new natural history series also happened to be an ideal allegory for the treacherous landscape of professional sport. To elude crushing disappointment requires determination above resourcefulness when it many ways that is key it takes more than a pack of snakes to deter the lizard of Oz. Only last year the England squad was swallowed up and spat out of its own World since took over they have not lost in nine games and shed their old skin of tactical uncertainty. Should South win at on extending their unbeaten run in this it will be a surprise to anyone who has been in and around the England camp in this showdown with South at will be decided Read in itself is a significant the players seem happier and more perhaps as ready for an opening game of an autumn series as they have ever been. As well as their pay rising to around per man per match excluding the latest deal between the Rugby Football Union and the clubs has permitted the three training camps in and Preparation has been intense. insiders say it is not uncommon for some of emails to be sent at The England says training is tougher than the actual seen the boss and what he demands of us and that filters down. expectant and I think we all are England will kick off with seven of the same starting pack the exception is for at prop that assembled two years it has not simply been a matter of reshuffling personnel. The biggest reckons the former All Black captain is between the think is a very good coach and shown said now a board member at who face at the Stoop on got the best out of a group of players that performed. about their mental attitude. The goal now is whether they can go to the next level and be in the world in three is indeed the six million dollar question or whatever sum that is worth in sterling nowadays. is allergic to complacency we lose against South the only thing be asking me time does your flight but the central struts of his grand design are increasingly backs England to hit their peak for next World Cup final Read the outset he has urged players to reconnect with their powerful forward heritage and recalibrate what previously constituted absolute dedication. He also wants them to be meaner and more His meetings with the squad in the conducted on a public resembled a a couple of minutes of you done what I told you last before the next victim was ushered in. He likes a correctly judging that they enhance the collective but making every player a little bit better is his obsession. Hence the judo and the recent arrival of operatives such as and the new conditioning Dean previously with the Wallabies. says is constantly on at him make incremental that will extend his may be as simple as doing more stretching exercises or cutting a fraction or two off the time it takes to rise from the floor and get back in the defensive or attacking line one of key selection criteria. There have already been judicious carrots dangled in front of resurgent senior players now Tom Wood with younger colleagues reminded there is no such thing as the finished article. As observed this lot of young players are like shooting comets. After a while they have a bit of a fall because you keep going like that. Then about how quickly you pick over in side to face South Read other conspicuous talent is his eye for latest trends. about flankers is irrelevant in the modern he announced on once asked former Springbok White if pick an and he said the only thing a fetcher is good for is getting the beers. You need players from 1-15 to contest the ball and make good rugby on a wet day and rain is forecast for is equally outdated against good sides. have to be able to move with where the going. You play just strangulation rugby any more and win Test matches. Every law that comes in now is about making the game more more skilled. You have to have numbers on their backs. I think 14 and 15 will change their roles considerably going forward. the same with 7 and so often he is spot just as he put a precise finger on South needs when he was employed as a consultant to work alongside White and the current South head before the 2007 World Cup and got on well there was much hilarity whenever the latter was asked to translate impassioned and the results were impressive. just tried to add finesse to what they shrugs I went there the house was already painted. I was just filling in spots for England house does not look too shabby unless the absence of the injured Jack and co means the hosts start sluggishly against a colossal pack. is going to be physical is like saying that table is and motivation is not an issue. are a team that have got a goal under to be the best in the said sick and tired of never having beaten the wrote their own history last the Cubs wrote their own now we want to do the Keep climbing up ladder and those nightmarish World Cup racer snakes will fade further from the rugby union rugby 
En la Trump las en las con a election 2016 live track who is county by county Read ha en la a y la dos con a dos en el Hotel Peninsula en Midtown y el en Trump Tower. Las finales ya antes las emails elections 
I was sitting near the front of a business jet my company was delivering from our factory in to New It was 29 2006. There were two pilots up front and five of us in the cabin. Soon we were cruising over the Amazon jungle at 37,000 feet and The skies were the plane was beautiful. I remember saying to a get any better than was standing up getting a phone charger from my bag when all of a sudden I felt an impact. I stumbled a little but then the plane returned to flying straight and level. It was as if hit a speed bump at I returned to my seat in stunned silence. As I was strapping Henry been I looked out the window on the left side and saw that the the bit that curves up at the end of the had been sheared off. The metal was separating and there was a sheen of fuel. I remember staring at that expecting the worst. I thought about my kids and hoped they going to read about me pilots found a military airport deep in the jungle. It was straight ahead but we were a little too so we had to fly past and make a turn above the we had no way of knowing if the wing would hold up. But after the longest 35 minutes we landed. There was such an incredible sense of soldiers looked stunned to see as if a had landed. Outside the we could see the tail had also been it was a complete mystery as to what had happened. As we speculated over pizza in the where we had no phone signal or the only speaker in our group came over and some a missing The hairs on my arms still stand up when I remember that moment. People were later learned that we had collided with a 737 operated by a with 154 people on board. The on our plane had taken off the left wing of the bigger which immediately started to spiral and broke up. It took three minutes for the pieces to crash into the jungle. Nobody I flew solo around the world in a balloon Read this day I cannot fathom at that altitude and speed a closure rate of two planes could have contact and not both crash. People just walk away from that. It happened so quickly that even the pilots see was then worst aviation disaster and it triggered a national crisis. The next we were flown out by military jet in a lightning storm to be interviewed by federal police in another town. We watched as they brought our black box in. By the time they had found the wreckage of the other the government had already declared us the military oversees accident investigation and air traffic and we worried that the investigation would be tainted. The passports were confiscated and I ended up camped out with them on the top floor of the hotel in I thought they might be killed if they went to because the hysteria and propaganda were so two their passports were returned. Meanwhile lawyers descended on the families of the victims. The investigation by the US National Transportation Safety Board later found that air traffic control failures were to but the situation in yet been fully resolved for the who were acquitted in absentia of all but one of safety in 2012 by a federal court. They still fly but if they land in they could face hard to be happy about survival when attached to the deaths of so many others. It never leaves you. I have a piece of that wing in my office and I look at it every day. a reminder of how fleeting life can be. After the I was focused on our own survival and the wellbeing of the pilots. But since then felt only a growing sadness for the families of the As told to you have an experience to Email 
J. foundation has acknowledged that it may have run afoul of rules that guard against using money meant for charity to benefit principals of the according to its 2015 tax filing. On the the the J. Trump checked to answer a question about whether its resources had been directed or used to benefit a meaning one of the central people. The tax filing offers new details about charitable which became the subject of intense scrutiny during his presidential campaign after news reports raised questions about whether he had followed through on pledges he made to donate money and his lack of financial support for the foundation. The which first reported the admission on the 2015 earlier reported that Trump had used from the charity to settle legal disputes involving his possibly violating provisions. A spokeswoman for Trump did not answer messages seeking comment on the filing. Trump and his advisers have defended his charitable practices in the noting that Trump has made significant donations personally and through the foundation. Lawyers for the foundation uploaded the tax filing on to a national database of and it was then made publicly according to representatives from It is unclear whether the Internal Revenue Service has received the filings. The 2015 form showed that Trump donated a total of that year to his nonprofit his first contribution to it since 2008 and his largest donation in a decade. The payments were made through two Trump the Trump Corporation and Trump Productions The next largest contribution that year was from a foundation connected to Victor a steel magnate. has been a major donor to the a relationship that drew scrutiny during the presidential campaign as an example of complex ties to foreign business interests. E. a senior adviser to the board of said in an email that the payment to charity was support of appearance he did by video link at a conference foundation organizes every year in in said that and Trump had met many years ago in New prompting the invitation for Trump to speak at the 2015 conference. He said the two did not have any business relationship. During the Trump praised and have had to endure a tremendous and I just think it is all going to work out well in the future for the charity reported paying out in grants for some of which was disclosed during the campaign. The donations included support for health causes like cancer research and the Red as well as for the private school attended by youngest In late T. New attorney ordered the charity to cease in the state after his office found that the foundation was not properly registered to solicit donations. office is currently investigating foundation to determine whether it is in compliance with state laws.
I love telling people from Maybe my defense mechanism for when people accuse me of being a coastal out of touch with Real I like fulfilling all the stereotypes. I love cheese and cheese of course. I love our sports teams out of a vague sense of And my accent hard comes out in full force after ah beers. Mostly I love my who has called home for 88 years. Her parents immigrated to from and she started public school without knowing a word of She forgot most of the her parents taught her years but taught me the words to the that we would sometimes hear when my family would go to a night fish fry. Up until I still believed my moral baseline bent toward empathy. The I thought I where I lived for 21 was filled with complex but fundamentally decent people who recognized that everyone is deserving of respect and could disagree without being disagreeable. The state did elect Walker as governor in and the legislature gutted setting off huge protests in the Capitol. But I think that state would vote for J. turning its 10 electoral votes to a Republican for the first time since 1984. come we even voted for As much as Trump won the election in lost it. Her which prided itself on employing all the data wizards and ground game gurus money can did not do nearly enough to lock down the upper particularly and and instead treated those states as a given. is the mayor of capital in cerulean County. He supported Senator Sanders in the Democratic and said he talked at least once a week with a field organizer from the Sanders campaign during the primary. But once locked up the it was radio silence from the campaign. I first held elected office in the early virtually every presidential been either by the candidate or by a he told me. not saying this to say important. But the point not only she in the but I never got a a anything after the President by made two campaign stops in during the 2012 including a huge rally with on the before Election Day. frustration with the campaign was apparent. understand the strategy. never seen an explanation for other than assuming that they wanted not just a but a smashing victory the kind that Trump he said. voter turnout in 2016 was the lowest been in 20 years. Roughly 40,000 fewer Democrats voted in County this year than did in 2012. The drop in turnout in County might be partially attributed to a voter identification law in the state. In a federal judge found that roughly 300,000 registered voters in lacked the necessary photo ID card to vote under the new and a of those voters were low income. election watchers have said the voter ID law alone could not have flipped the state in favor. did not visit once after the Democratic National Convention in Neither did President or Sanders made multiple trips to the state on behalf of but that was not enough to gin up enthusiasm. Like most of the my friends and family in were shocked that Trump won the and the election. My mom says still in my dad has progressed comfortably to anger. My has been coping with the election result with characteristic wit. listening to Trump speeches about I was convinced to she emailed me. I hate Throughout the general the surrogates appeared reassured to the point of hubris that they would be able to convert moderate Republican voters in suburbs. every Democrat we lose in western we will pick up two moderate Republicans in the suburbs in and you can repeat that in and and New Senator Chuck said in This line of thinking was not just but disastrously so. In won 59 of 72 counties. This 59 counties voted for Trump. Republicans successfully built on the map that helped to elect Walker to the mansion while the campaign was looking to run up the score in states like and A triumvirate of Republicans also helped elect both actively and passively. there is who worked his way up from Republican politics in to head the Republican National and to serve as chief of staff. Then there is House Speaker D. who now has a historic opportunity to pass his agenda through Congress. recovered from his own failed presidential will now oversee the Republican Governors Association. is a longtime radio host in who became a voice on the right for the movement. After 23 years on the he will retire from his radio show this year. Along with being a vocal opponent of the Trump he has taken on a new role as chief apologizer for media. He expressed frustration with his he had gradually grown immune to any inconvenient fact presented to them. While he read news from The Politico and National Review throughout the his audience seemed to glean most of its news from Fox talk radio and their feeds. On his radio program last played a sound bite of S. current head of the National Security suggesting the government had made a to sway the election in favor. asked his we all agree that this is a big deal and we ought to do something about He opened the phone and the first call was from who believe it. I believe any of sighed. break through he said. is way harder to knock that stuff down than you would He says he is but not to see conservative media falling in line and supporting cabinet picks. is the monster he said. of the worst elements of the conservative media have now been empowered. Every one of them has got a strut. now has a pipeline to the White House. I think about spent half of 2016 arguing that conservatism was fundamentally incompatible with what Trump was offering his party. conservatism has been I in being aggressive but and very and also proving that you can do things and be rewarded by the he said. Trump has certainly been aggressive if not very and he has proved that you can run an campaign and still win even in the The I know like to argue about politics in and certainly not at the Thanksgiving table. We are creatures of we like to make ourselves or others we loathe confrontation. But this year seems to bring with it a moral imperative to have uncomfortable conversations about the very real stakes of this election. This year we may need to break the worry less about being nice and talk more about what it means to be decent.
The families all got the same threat posted on their if their children played in the they would be evicted. When the parents asked the property managers for help reading the they were to a federal discrimination lawsuit filed against a major real estate investment when four mothers inquired about the management threatened to social services and the a workers get priced out of beach city Read was in said one of the mothers. really created a fear in complaint against Properties paints a disturbing picture of a company that has targeted and harassed tenants and renters with mental disabilities as part of an illegal eviction scheme to replace them with younger rights advocates said the filed on behalf of 15 tenants and advocacy group Strategic Alliance for a Just provides a window into the tactics of real estate investors who are aggressively purchasing and older accelerating displacement and income inequality in cities across the US. Twitter has received baseless eviction notices and faced harassment from her according to the federal lawsuit. allegations come at a time of increased anxiety for families and immigrants tied to the surprise victory of Trump. The has called has threatened to deport millions and in the was accused of discriminating against at his real estate filed by the groups Public Counsel and Public covers five buildings with a total of 150 units in a gentrifying neighborhood that has historically been affordable to with a high concentration of and complaint alleged that director of construction and multifamily asset along with a number of his affiliated real estate have systematically targeted tenants protected by rent this new landlords are barred from raising rents beyond small annual increases and cannot evict them if they continue to pay but the laws stopped according to the complaint. the landlord who filed over 3,000 eviction notices Read an email to the strongly denied the allegations. take these allegations very seriously and categorically deny each and every such he said. He added that the lawsuit was filed proper analysis and and that the companies forward to working with the Plaintiff to educate them about the real facts and if need to exonerate ourselves at treated with respect at all stages of their he according to the property managers in the buildings allegedly filed a series of illegal eviction notices and have created hostile and threatening for landlords in one building allegedly told tenants that the new managers want to rent to people with mental that they should and that they belong in group the suit said. Landlords have additionally tenants that their food smells and and that the tenants need to learn to read since they are in according to court records. Twitter Tenants targeted for eviction have struggled to get management to address infestations of roaches and broken heaters and plumbing peeling mold and other maintenance according to the complaint. a practice that activists say is common for real estate investors who flip has also allegedly allowed for living in the apartments with rent control while freshly renovated units in good and sanitary condition to new tenants who are targeted for eviction have struggled to get management to address infestations of roaches and broken heaters and plumbing peeling mold and other maintenance according to the complaint. has advertised a in its marketing explicitly stating that it is focused on by investing in old buildings and renovating units they become attorney with Public said these kinds of campaigns against tenants are not is she adding that fears of racial discrimination have escalated since victory. before this our clients experienced this racism that threatened their ability to live in their Twitter a tenant with a has received numerous unlawful eviction the lawsuit alleged. a tenant who has a mental was chronically homeless before he moved in to the building in 2012. He has received more than a dozen eviction notices since purchased the property all of which were according to the completely he said. day of the week always manager allegedly told that the landlords to rid the building of persons with mental the suit he first moved he was a But he said the nonstop threats from management and the fear that he may be homeless again have taken a severe toll on his mental really destroyed my peace of mind. always angry or paranoid. You never know going to happen whose sons are ages five and said that she know how her family could find another affordable place if her landlord successfully pushes her out. would end up out on the 
a victory that has stunned the world. J. Trump is now of the United States of digital edition has the news and plus comment from the key opinion makers. done a US Election which is available for our subscribers find a screen grab of our front page at the bottom of this email. And you can access our entire Election Extra along with the rest of this issue of Guardian by visiting digital Election Extra sits at the top of the web page. If you are a you will need your subscriber number to register. This appears on the cover sheet that accompanies the newspaper each or on communications from our commercial team when you you may have seen from notices on our Letters page the past couple of and via this email newsletter last the print edition dated 11 does not contain the US election results. because of our press deadline and complex delivery network to more than 170 provide an expanded newspaper on 18 with additional pages and our usual considered coverage to and more deeply understand the implications of convincing win. Putting the world into perspective is what Weekly does the 11 print edition does find the usual 48 pages of thoughtful coverage and the climate accord comes into we find some reasons for modest optimism on the environmental report on Prime Minister extended honeymoon as he marks a year in explore the implications of a in in New we find that demand for honey has created an alarming sense of conflict in what was once a very sweet deep read follows one young student through exam hell. Discovery considers puzzling path. And our Sport feature finds total respect for tennis player who has finally claimed the world No 1 some amazing reading coming your welcome your thoughts on our editorial as usual. You can email me by clicking or sending a message to Thank you for subscribing. Twitter The Guardian 11 US Election Special digital edition cover. The Guardian 
the no matter where you stroke or coming can be tricky for some of us. The fact men are more likely to orgasm but did you ever wonder why so difficult for We tried to find out in episode three of our video series Vagina which we launched today. Twitter Vagina Dispatches episode the orgasm and I have found this tricky so did the we spoke the pelvic floor the sex but that mean we work at it. If you can or if you tried out some of our handy tips we mention in the video we want to hear from you. Email us at we share anything you tell us without your reading this and already signed up for the you can do so episode we talked about menstruation the lack thereof. We interviewed who felt that having periods is unnatural and spoke to artist who strongly disagreed. A number of were inclined to agree with as they wrote in to tell The first episode in this series was about appreciating the natural beauty of the vulva. Having a period is and I explain in the video that we have a hormonal which stops our periods. Viewers also had some valuable thoughts about this method of I wanted to point out that there are that hormonal and affect the period. I have used a copper name for years and I love it because it very effectively and conveniently does the job of birth control and does not change my hormonal balance in the process. Your show gives the impression that are beneficial because they affect your hormones and stop your first and foremost. Because some women want to tamper with their you may be discouraging them from use. true. And reading through all of your and concerns about stopping your periods and taking them very seriously. In we are compiling a list we plan to present to a doctor. So please keep them Here are a few a feminist and joyfully celebrate women and men who want to be parents. And as a woman who had my daughters when I was 37 and I feel very lucky that the plumbing still worked. Not sure it would if stopped my via recently read a science article about menstruation being so very helpful in removing excess iron in blood that the male scientist involved in the study chose to get bloodletting every other month for a similar outcome ... I wonder now if the health problems I had early in life might not have been exacerbated by the fact that I had so few sometimes only two a via there any scientific research that is been done to understand painful menstruation in from west colleague known as the brains behind the giant vulva was especially interested in that last one. In her I started having periods accompanied by cramps so bad I move for days. I bled heavily for 12 to 30 days at a often with only days of a break in between. Put another the average ovulating woman has bled for a total of nearly one year since the 2012 election but nearly doubled that. Added had my period for longer than presidential campaign. Hard to say which is did some digging and turns a dearth of research on painful even though no one has specifically asked the question I started wondering about how your period affects your sex drive. It turns it does. Please forward this message along and share episode three to help spread the genital knowledge. And if enjoying this please support our work with a contribution or by becoming a Email us at Especially about orgasms. Sorry Vagina Dispatches 
never breastfed any of my three daughters. When I had my first in South 10 years no one expected me to including my who said that using formula was just as attitude changed when I miscarried twins in 2012. Losing them was so hard and even though I know I have done anything to prevent the it made me determined to do anything I could to help my this time we were living in which has a very different attitude to but I was still a bit squeamish and like the idea of doing it though by now I was aware of its benefits. When I became pregnant with our daughter a year I decided to try to express my milk and feed her from a seemed the perfect but one of the midwives caring for me was telling me it would be difficult to express milk if I actually breastfeeding. When I got annoyed with she and backed off but I guess that made me even more determined to feed my baby the way I wanted especially since was thriving. has had digestive problems since she was a baby but had nothing like that with By the time stopped I had a freezer full of expressed breast milk which I ended up throwing out because know what else to do with I was pregnant with is now six months I read about the donor milk bank at an antenatal clinic and was instantly interested. I learned that nearly 4,000 babies are born prematurely in every because their organs and immune systems have had less time to at greater risk of which can be fatal in their critical early days. Breast milk is often the only thing a very sick or premature baby can but mothers with a shortened pregnancy often find that their milk has not yet come in. I knew I could express plenty because of my experience with the thought of helping other tiny babies and their worried mums meant a lot to contacted the coordinator of the donor milk bank and she made it really coming to my house to do my blood tests as part of the screening process and talking me through the so I was good to go. But then was born a month early and in special care for a couple of days. when we saw those tiny babies who could fit in your only managing to take about of milk at a time and the reality of milk donation hit home. was in special care only as a but watching those other parents desperately hoping for their babies to and I could was when the feeling that I should become a milk donor changed to wanting to do it. My and I had lost two babies and experienced that pain and now I knew I could make a real helping to keep other babies I donated half my liver to my father Read now spend about six hours a day expressing which I do I also get up at to express ahead of waking up at for her night feed. I find it and the more I the more milk I milk is frozen and then picked up every week by one of the volunteer drivers. been told donating and carry on donating for as long as I especially since now got into such a good people are surprised by especially as I technically breastfeed my own but just what I do while I can. If I just think of those babies in special care and their gratitude for every single drop of milk that is donated. Six hours a day for 10 a week seem that As told to you have an experience to Email and 
bloodbath of an a friend emailed me. watching someone get another said over the phone. And this in an email from a veteran of the third Draft Dodger is now commander in to the full flowering of the Era of which began with that now glide down the escalator at Trump where Trump commenced his candidacy with these historic When sends its not sending their best sending people that have lots of and bringing those problems with us. bringing drugs. bringing crime. rapists. And I are good ever a monument is erected to the Trump then surely these words shades of will be carved into the marble along with coming out of her bucks a and would bring back a hell of a lot worse than In true demagogic Trump bypassed the head and spoke directly to the to the biles and bubbling acids of raw emotion. He said things that many temperate hardly dared to admit we carried in ourselves were hardly aware of just how deeply we resented our own how angry our interior lives with all this stuff bottled years and years of internalized from a culture that kept insisting on tolerance. Many discovered just what a drag political correctness was all these and to be free of freed from this code that was jamming us That was relief akin to a primal scream. From the start rallies had the air of the tent that same hot thrum of militant exorcism and not fool a friend wrote stand anything but cold honesty right now. This is not a winning the which would be bad enough. This is white supremacy tempted to say. really not that bad. Stances are things get said in the heat of a and we could take heart in the newly conciliatory Trump on display for several days after the election. Then came the news that the erstwhile chairman of the Trump campaign who bears a striking resemblance to the town drunk on the old was named counselor and chief for the incoming Trump administration. The mainstream press still feels compelled to explain the term but we know we we WE white AKA honky dig too deeply into the family along with glistening of apocalyptic and a style sense that falls somewhere between for and Eye for the Straight Prior to his gig on the Trump spent four years as chairman of which he proudly declared to be platform for the As presided over such headlines as The Gun Control Human Control Makes Women Unattractive and two weeks after a white nationalist murdered nine members of a Bible study group at a black church in South It High and The Confederate Flag Proclaims a Glorious myself not sleeping at a friend wrote. first president endorsed by the noted another. Then there was being on the day after the have to remember that actually all on one A character is his as and what a twisted fate indeed that ever seeking to reconcile and accommodate an pastor in once his presidency is will no longer have to be the least threatening black man in has had to deal with an opposition that very much regarded him as not on the team. There was the for starters. The conspiracy theories. The terrorist Founder of Teenage crack dealer hanging out on the corner. this damage done to is said during one of the Republican which is a laugh. If wanted to trash the all he had to do on taking office in 2009 was sit on his hands and let the hot mess of the Bush economy continue its meltdown to the issue is bigger than any particular president. After his on one The is that we all go forward with a presumption of good faith in our fellow because that presumption of good faith is essential to a vibrant and functioning goes to the heart of the matter. The system of constitutional government is founded on deliberate fragmentation of the of and and that we all learned in high school civics. For government to be effective for government to meet the needs of the people the US constitutional order requires a healthy measure of good faith cooperation among the players. This good faith began to fray in the early as leaders in Newt and Tom DeLay chief among declared war on all efforts even from those in their own party to govern from a stance of bipartisan cooperation. in world of moral were enemy of normal and his allies were fighting no less than a with and as he declared in a speech to the Heritage war has to be fought with a scale and a duration and a savagery that is only true of civil so began the constitutional hardball and tactics that have characterized the past of politics. You may recall the government shutdowns of 1995 and 1995-96 over budget and the 1998 impeachment of Bill for lying about a In more recent there was the famous dinner at a steakhouse on the evening of 20 2009 the day of inauguration at which congressional leaders with by then a highly paid K Street vowed to sabotage presidency by opposing every item on the new economic agenda at a time when 700,000 jobs a month were disappearing including those items previously supported or even proposed by the all rooting for said of Trump when they met recently in the Oval Office. if he Senate Republican leader later summed up the stance when he publicly single most important thing we want to achieve is for President to be a Burying was the and if bringing him down required shredding the constitutional then to hell with the past 220 years of constitutional order. The once reserved for only the most major policy became routinely deployed even for matters. By withholding funding or refusing to consider appointments to government the Senate effectively nullified laws that had been duly enacted in accordance with the constitution. At a time when the federal courts had a record number of scores of judicial seats went the current vacancy on the supreme court is merely the most example. Government shutdowns and crises once unthinkable became so endemic that for the first time in its more than Standard downgraded the credit rating of the citing the phenomenon of Even lawmakers have continued to use the threat of government default as a bargaining a nuclear option if carried would have catastrophic effects on the world the founding fathers wanted they have replaced the articles of confederation with the constitution. But been great for the Republican which has mastered a crude but so far effective campaign as the on a platform decrying government as dysfunctional and then once in power pull out all the stops to make sure government is dysfunctional and ineffective. Maybe this is why Congress has lower approval ratings than head lice and and why has the perpetually serene look of a man who sleeps well at night. Those low approval ratings mean his side is winning. That all this has happened at the expense of the constitutional and of the spirit of comity and good faith so necessary for the functioning of that seems not to trouble or his colleagues in the call these people is a joke. They seek to precious little. Much more accurate to call them the wrecking this grimmest of faces on the subway I will never The people want change. Can you blame been sucking wind for 35 years while the rides higher and a trend that began with the a sea change in politics which the Democratic establishment accepted all too readily. is the poorest people in the world who will pay for over and free kick labor to the the whole package became the default center of political and the increasingly corporate offered less and less to and people as the years went by. up at failed my That the campaign wrote off the white vote was not only a political it was a moral failure as not to mention emblematic of the past several decades of Democratic leadership. her to go hang out with W Bush in hubris campaign spoke to our economic fear and anger with a rawness that even try to match. In no surprise that she lost the and primaries and very nearly the nomination to a candidate who tapped into the same populist angst that would give Trump no fewer than 290 electoral college votes. Though one wonders whether all those good working folks who voted for Trump realized they were endorsing a huge tax cut for the and a candidate whose election left K Street as giddy as a girl asked to the prom by the handsomest boy in wish I thought things would seem even slightly less terrifying in a day or some escapist literature. I find detailed accounts of the first world war and disastrous Arctic expeditions very readable at times like system we this system that grinds huge numbers of people into it seems so vast and monolithic most of the an unstoppable machine steered by mysterious forces. Trump seemed to offer a rare chance to throw a wrench into the and many took it. That a much bleaker side to his victory xenophobic owes much to certain feelings and impulses that have been steadily nurtured over the years by the Republican party. If you have doubts about read up on the history of the notorious Old demons we thought pushed to the it turns out been right here among us all biding their waiting for their hour to come around again. the heartache. And for more than a clear and present a tribal identity looked not to be everything. Fond little daydream optimistic comes to stunned policy always a moving target on the campaign is looking even more slippery in the days since the election. The that sturdiest beam in the Trump might be downgraded to a mere in certain areas. Signature features of the formerly horrible are actually and should remain. And that massive deportation Maybe not so massive after all. This sort of backstroking belies been obvious all Trump has never had much in the way of policy goals besides serving the greater good of will be the guiding principle of the Trump presidency. In this respect much more like a monarch than the duly elected public servant of a representative as monarchs he will keep his heirs close to the center of Don and that budding Cardinal of a Top security clearances and advisory roles are contemplated for the who at the same time will be running the entities of the sprawling Trump Organization. hard to imagine a more ethically legally explosive situation for the managing a vast consortium of transnational businesses while being privy to the most sensitive along with easy access to the most powerful man in the world. How will it all play Badly. Look to for a taste of the awful potential to the tragedies and history those coils of ego and empire and wealth sex and sex and that often end with bodies all over the place. The best thing Trump could do for his children would be to put his assets in a genuine blind and send the kids away far away from to do their own thing. Limit visits to holidays and bounce the grandkids on his not breathe a word about business or affairs of not how monarchies roll. That Trump would put his children in such a legally tenuous position gives us a clear idea as if we needed it from a man who used to rely on the infamous for legal counsel of his appreciation for the rule of law. Here again we can expect the monarchical model. People rarely grow in humility once they reach the White House. To the extent Trump attempts to spin and mutilate the rule of his most immediate potential check will be a Congress firmly in Republican led by the same wrecking crew already shown such faint regard for the constitutional with a think egging them on to new structures and traditions of governance are about to be tested as they been in generations. You say you want Here it comes. Brace for 
As he prepared to board a flight in for his home in on a leading manager of distance said it was one of the happiest days of his life. On prosecutors dropped charges against that had accused him of abetting the doping of of once the top female marathon who has been barred from competition for four years for using the prohibited blood booster known as very all the nightmares are finally said. He had been arrested and jailed briefly in accused in the most prominent case of doping involving a marathon runner. is a winner of the Marathon and a winner in In the Court of Arbitration for Sport extended ban to four years from two. The based in ruled that had engaged in and obstructive during the legal proceedings. The court also said that had received at least one injection of from an unnamed doctor in in 2014 and that she the visits to the doctor in question from her manager and Some 40 athletes have tested positive for banned substances in recent which has cast a shadow over the East dominance in distance running. denied any involvement in doping. On as his trial was to the charges were though the reasons were not fully explained publicly. According to news the accusations could be reinstated after further investigation. was no no evidence adding that had never accused him of assisting her with banned substances. said in a statement to client should not have been charged in the first place. The state did not have an iota of evidence against my and his a prominent coach and cardiologist from have long helped develop distance running with training camps in Runners they have coached or managed through the years include a former holder in the the 2008 marathon the winner of the 2015 New City and who won the gold medal in the marathon at the The withdrawal of charges against extremely important to us in order to once that we are said in an email.
As someone who still watches on a black and white can I use with a black and white As you be surprised to Licensing says no. It explains that since the digital switchover in a black and white has only been valid if you connect a black and white to a digital box that record. This is because and digital box recorders record in you watch or record on any other for example by watching on a computer or you will require a it it told us that around 9,300 people still have black and white or did in the last time figures were published. Not snooker welcome letters but cannot answer individually. Email us at or write to Consumer the 90 Please include a daytime phone 
My wife has had an Bank credit card for more than 12 years and I am the second card holder. This week she received a letter asking me to provide photocopies of documents such as my driving and tax details. Two had to include a and they had to be by a list of approved rang Bank to see if this was some sort of scam as the prepaid return envelope did not contain in the address. I was assured it was officially an request. I was also told that it had been getting a large number of calls questioning the asked why this information was needed I was told me it was to make the account more secure. I expressed my fears that sending such sensitive information through the post to what looks like a third party would reduce my security and I asked what would happen if I did not send it. I was told nothing would change and that the account would continue as before. Any chance of asking someone at what is going on it makes no sense to me. You were quite right to question the validity of this request sending out those documents to an unnamed company would have been foolhardy in the extreme. We asked Bank for an explanation and it has confirmed the request was legitimate. order to protect our customers from financial crime important that the information we hold is as up to date as possible. This means from time to we may ask existing customers to update the information we went on to say that this protect customers and the financial system from financial We could understand this request if you were the main account but this seems to be rather overzealous as you pay off your card in full by direct debit every month and have been customers for 12 Bank services are provided by which has been in all sorts of bother with the authorities over money laundering. This is most likely part of the resulting says it is looking to change the address on its return envelopes to make it clearer it really is my advice is to take the documents into your nearest branch. has confirmed customers can do suspect it be long before fraudsters really do start sending out fake letters like this to get personal welcome letters but cannot answer individually. Email us at or write to Consumer the 90 Please include a daytime phone and building 
Contribute your chance to be crowned Guardian home cook of the share your cranberry recipes with us. Email upload them via the buttons here or post them on by noon on 23 Selected recipes will appear in Cook and on 3 can share your pecan recipes by clicking on the button on this article. You can also use the Guardian and search for is the home of content on the Guardian. Contribute your pictures and and browse reviews and creations submitted by others. Posts will be reviewed prior to 
meets Trump. Trump campaign manager told the media pool at Trump tower that the is the transition. just loving this role in a transactional used to delivering results and and so at his desk every taking the counsel of many different taking many different phone going through paperwork and discussing forming his cabinet and now his senior said. really enjoying Army lieutenant general has been offered the role of national security advisor by according to the Associated citing a senior Trump transition official. The official did not tell the Associated Press whether had accepted the role or communications director for the Trump transition has released this statement in response to reports that the incoming administration has been considering a register for arriving in the Trump has never advocated for any registry or system that tracks individuals based on their and to imply otherwise is completely national registry of foreign visitors from countries with high terrorism activity that was in place during the Bush and administrations gave intelligence and law enforcement communities additional tools to keep our country but the plans on releasing his own vetting policies after he is sworn Trump plans to launch a of the states that he won in last presidential election in next couple of according to a campaign aide a sentence we never thought be typing and yet here we working on a victory tour it will happen in the next couple of advance team told pool reporters at Trump Tower this afternoon. The while not fully planned at the will ferry the to the states that we won and the swing states we flipped Trump is taking credit for Ford Motor Company not moving a plant from to J. Trump got a call from my friend Bill Chairman of who advised me that he will be keeping the plant in no J. Trump worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the plant in I owed it to the great State of for their confidence in the Assembly Plant in employs roughly 4,500 people and was never put suggested by Ford to be at risk of outsourcing in the first place. In an interview with a spokesman for a Super defended comments he made during a Fox News interview in which he said internment camps could serve as a precedent for a registry of in the United no point did I ever even mention it was actually which I was actually talking about like immigration reform under Carter when he did the and then also under World War II with Japan and other many countries said. even talking about camps. brought it up and I was brought it but you did further to the New that it would be a precedent for a was precedent for continued. thing. I actually advocate for any of this. I bring it up. I was shocked when brought it up. I clarified to the New Times I you know this is something that is a huge black mark on our and we would never want to do it again. But you have to say that Supreme Court decision upholding it was never overturned. Should we overturn We should take a look at President has spoken out about fake news on and other media suggesting that it helped undermine the US political process. leaves a press conference with Chancellor we are not serious about facts and true and if we discriminate between serious arguments and then we have he said during a press conference in the surprise election of Trump as has battled accusations that it has failed to stem the flow of misinformation on its network and that its business model leads to users becoming divided into polarized political echo said that we live in an age with much active that is very and looks the same whether on or on everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are then we know what to protect. We know what to fight for. And we can lose so much of what gained in terms of the kind of democratic freedoms and economies and prosperity that come to take for he comments come after Mark rejected the that fake news on the social network swayed voters in the US presidential election. in spite of analysis by that showed that fake news on the site outperformed real news in the to polling on fake have if we can't tell the difference Read more team has declared that Trump has never advocated for any registry or system that tracks individuals based on their problem video from one year ago showing exactly that. we need to track all in should be a lot of beyond Trump told saying such policies would help to crack down on illegal immigrants. Asked how he would implement such a Trump camp claims he never called for registry despite video evidence Read more And just minutes after news broke that retired lieutenant general has been offered the role of national security advisor in Yahoo News reports that ran a private consulting firm that offered source intelligence to international clients while he was receiving classified national security The full extent of overseas business is unclear. In the statement released by his said only that his which he described as a business intelligence has unnamed and domestic In a brief telephone a former Capitol Hill declined to specify the issues that the firm was hired to lobby Congress about on behalf of a firm based in and owned by the The lobbying disclosure statement filed with the Secretary of the Senate on Sept. 30 states only that firm advise client on domestic and foreign and congressional appropriations bills for the State Department. Retired Army lieutenant general has been offered the role of national security advisor by according to the Associated citing a senior Trump transition official did not tell the Associated Press whether had accepted the role or not. Retired Army Lieutenant General arrives to meet with Trump at Trump Tower in New City. Mike was the only national security figure of his rank to publicly align himself with Trump and remained loyal to the businessman throughout his other national security experts and denounced the took part in campaign rallies where he led chants against including those that called for her to be locked up. enemy camp in this case is said in during the general also delivered what was reported to be a speech at the Republican national where he lambasted speeches and his misguided which he said had the world to have no respect for or who in 2015 declared himself a registered held senior positions in the 18th Airborne at the joint chiefs of staff at the Pentagon and at US central which runs US military operations in the Middle has since proven himself to be a controversial figure and public opponent of foreign policy. In his 2016 The Field of How We Can Win the Global War Against Radical and Its with the historian and former administration official he wrote that he is a devotee of political has come under fire for regularly appearing on television station and once attended a gala hosted by the sitting two places away from the He later said his bureau had arranged his trip to and that he saw no distinction between RT and other news outlets such as and was once opposed to and other banned extreme interrogation according to the in reference to previously stated openness to reinstating such he said he be reluctant to take options off the Asked by if he would support threat to kill the families of suspected he would have to see the circumstances of that an antisemitic post by a Trump supporter who mocked the blaming of hackers for leaked emails. The by a pseudonymous implicated. is to Not Not later deleted his and saying it was a mistake and that he had meant to link to an article on and the also tweeted in that of is a tweet which was never of is please forward this to the truth fears no questions... 2016 was sleepy and stressed last morning when she boarded the which cuts through the affluent Queens neighborhood where Trump was raised. speaks during a protest on the University of campus against the election of Trump. Pat a she was concerned about the newly minted and his campaign promises that targeted immigrants and women. But it until an older white couple began yelling at 10 minutes into her weekly commute to her that the reality of set of what they were saying was telling me I wear it anymore and telling me to take it a student had heard some comments but experienced such aggressive harassment in New where like was born and raised. But the stream of verbal abuse forced her to confront a reality she had been trying to avoid that Trump had actually believe it until the moment this incident she said of victory. think I absorbed it and felt the reality of I I kept myself distracted all of and then happened and then it hits this is actually going on and it was not is one of several around the country who have spoken to the Guardian about life since victory. Trump won the keys to the White House following an incendiary campaign where he proposed a ban on said and promised a registry. secretary of state reportedly a key member of transition said on that the advisers are already considering the to the Southern Poverty Law Center the amount of hate crimes reported since election night has been unusually high as of the civil rights organization had tallied 437 incidents is the case even in seemingly places like New and in which has one of the largest concentrations of in the US. Civil rights groups there have reported an in harassment with one calling for a hate crime investigation after a woman in Arbor was allegedly forced to remove her by an unknown white man according to threatened to set her on fire with a another reported two men shoved an woman wearing a hooded commented on religion and asked you know in the traditionally liberal city of two alleged incidents of ethnic intimidation and religious bias in a week is said Detective of the Arbor police as a community that prides itself on its in national all those type of he said. for us to have two incidents that fit in this category is unusual and certainly the political climate that in right and New are home to some of the largest concentrations of in the US. But it is impossible to say with certainty how many there are in the country as the Census Bureau does not ask questions about faith. Estimates vary from as few as 3 million to as many as 8 million. Within that overall there is huge diversity in terms of religious identity and which renders any generalizations about the in in Trump's realities of presidency begin to sink in Read more Is it correct that Trump has advocated for any registry or system that tracks individuals based on their what he told News in last Trump certainly a database system tracking in the United the Republican told News on would certainly implement that. Trump said in in between campaign town should be a lot of beyond he added. should have a lot of asked whether would be legally obligated to sign into the Trump have to be they have to Trump was repeatedly asked to explain the difference between requiring to enter their information into a database and making people register in He responded four times by tell communications director for the Trump transition has released this statement in response to reports that the incoming administration has been considering a register for arriving in the Trump has never advocated for any registry or system that tracks individuals based on their and to imply otherwise is completely national registry of foreign visitors from countries with high terrorism activity that was in place during the Bush and administrations gave intelligence and law enforcement communities additional tools to keep our country but the plans on releasing his own vetting policies after he is sworn in. is the latest figure to speak out about fake news on and other media suggesting that it helped undermine the US political we are not serious about facts and true and if we discriminate between serious arguments and then we have he said during a press conference in the surprise election of Trump as has battled accusations that it has failed to stem the flow of misinformation on its network and that its business model leads to users becoming divided into polarized political echo said that we live in an age with much active that is very and looks the same whether on or on everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are then we know what to protect. We know what to fight for. And we can lose so much of what gained in terms of the kind of democratic freedoms and economies and prosperity that come to take for he on fake have if we can't tell the difference Read more
The emails currently roiling the US presidential campaign are part of some unknown digital collection amassed by the troublesome but if your purpose is to understand the clique of people who dominate the emails that really matter are the ones being slowly released by from the hacked account of campaign chair John They are last scandal in a year running over with but in truth their significance goes far beyond mere they are a window into the soul of the Democratic party and into the dreams and thoughts of the class to whom the party class to which I refer is not rising in angry they are by and large pretty pretty contented. Nobody takes road trips to exotic West to see what the members of this class looks like or how they on the they are the ones for whom such stories are written. This bunch have to make do with a mountebank for a for this the choices are always pretty and this year they happen to be are the comfortable and mainstay of our modern Democratic party. They are also the grandees of our national the architects of our the designers of our the high officials of our banking the authors of just about every plan to fix social security or the Middle East with precision droning. They they not a class at all but rather the enlightened the people who must be answered to but who need never explain themselves. Twitter learned to fight Dreamers campaign against us turn the magnifying glass on them for a by sorting through the hacked personal emails of John who has been a power broker for decades. I admit that I feel uncomfortable digging through this stealing email is a after and it is outrageous that personal information has been since seem to have redacted the emails in any way. There is also the issue of authenticity to contend we know absolutely and for sure that these emails were not tampered with by whoever stole them from John The supposed authors of the messages are refusing to confirm or deny their and though they seem to be there is a small possibility they all that taken into I think the releases furnish us with an opportunity to observe the upper reaches of the status hierarchy in all its righteousness and personae of the liberal class are all present in this amazing body of financial innovators. colleagues attempting to get jobs for their children. Foundation executives doing fine and noble things. of and high academic industries loom large and virtuous here. ingratiating speeches to Wall Street are well known of but what is remarkable is in the party of and and smiling financiers now seem to stand on every constantly proffering advice about this and that. In one email for the reader can watch current US trade representative writing from a email address in appear to name President cabinet even before the great election was decided an important clue to understanding why that greatest of zombie banks was never put out of its innovators of Silicon Valley are also here in interacting all the time with the leaders of the party of the people. We watch as appears to email He makes plans to visit Mark according to one wants to more about next steps for his philanthropy and social exchanges emails with an entrepreneur about an ugly race now unfolding for Silicon seat in this in appears to forward to the remarks of yet another Silicon Valley who complains that one of the Democratic combatants in that fight was criticizing billionaires who give to Democrats. the miscreant in question was said to spinning donors who have supported Democrats. John and have both given to and others. He is also attacking every billionaire that donates to many whom support other Democrats as In the year It one of the correspondents appears to and political malpractice of the party to allow this to are wonderful things to be found in this treasure trove when you search the gilded words or But it is when you search on the dump that you realize these people truly inhabit a different world from the rest of us. By of they mean the ritzy vacation resort island off the coast of where presidents and spent most of their summer vacations. The Vineyard is a place for the very rich to but as we learn from these it is also a place of high a land of enlightened liberal commitment far beyond anything ordinary citizens can ever for the 2015 email from a foundation executive to a retired mortgage banker then seems to have forwarded the note on to and thus into expressing concern that image is being torn apart in the media and not enough effective push The public eavesdrops as yet another financier invites to a dinner featuring produced exclusively by the farmers and fishermen which will be matched with specially selected We learn how a campaign aide recommended that a policy statement appear on a certain day so that wont get in the way of any other news we are trying to make but far enough ahead of and Vineyard money We even read the pleadings of a man who wants to be invited to a state dinner at the White House and who as one of several exhibits in his the fact that he the Majority Trust in Vineyard over to Democratic in Twitter How does the US electoral college in another email the team appears to scheme to Sanders for attending retreats on Vineyard with there is the apparent the dozens if not hundreds of mundane emails in which petitioners for this or that plum job or academic appointment politely appeal to the of the meritocratic elite for a solicitous word whispered in the ear of a powerful genre of in which people try to arrange jobs for themselves or their points us toward the most fundamental thing we know about the people at the top of this their loyalty to one another and the way it overrides everything else. Of course staffed her state department with investment bankers and then did speaking engagements for investment banks as soon as she was done at the state department. Of course she appears to think that any kind of bank reform should from the industry And of course no elite bankers were ever prosecuted by the administration. Read these emails and you with a that the people at the top tier of life all know each other. They are all engaged in promoting one blurs into everything else in this world. The state the Silicon the the Advisory that appears to have solicited donations for the Foundation. Executives here go from foundation to government to to startup. There are honors. Venture capital. Foundation grants. Endowed chairs. Advanced degrees. For them the door revolves. The friends all succeed. They break every the One Big Boundary remains. all supposed to be a meritocracy. But if you part of this prosperous if you have John email address elections 
I help run a small charity in for children with special needs the Tiny Trust. We try to fill the gaps between education and social March we ordered an roller wheel and a climbing frame from a company called Cheap Disability Aids. It was for a with significant was made in May and since then we have been trying to get it to deliver these items. For the whole of the summer our account showed that we had not even made a and it took numerous unanswered emails and calls before it agreed we had. I threatened court action and finally the roller wheel arrived at the end of but no climbing frame. This little girl has now been waiting for six months. If I the receptionist is not allowed to put calls through. I wrote to the chief executive but the letter was also ignored. Can you please offer us any I just want the climbing frame delivered so I never have to deal with this company What a saga this was. the company refused to discuss your case with me unless it had a signed letter from you. Only this would allow it to comply with data protection it claimed. We too called up but staff would not talk to us. After many emails it eventually came back with lots of excuses as to why your order been none of which made sense to it asked for an invoice to be sent. Then it wanted your bank but only on headed notepaper. When we suggested it should stop messing about and simply repay your it claimed we were being rude and refused to talk to us. you have just told us that the is back in your account. An search reveals a trail of unhappy customers of Cheap Disability Aids and its parent Sensory Education. Based on our dealings with plus what I have read I would urge customers to avoid this welcome letters but cannot answer individually. Email us at or write to Consumer the 90 Please include a daytime phone 
Polls are often conducted over multiple so only just starting to measure the effect of the decision to release new details of its investigation into private email server to lawmakers on According to the Post tracking poll published on the Democratic candidate has now slipped behind on to her Republican The polling average calculated by a much better indication of national shows is now leading by just 2 percentage down from 5 percentage points a week shows Trump and neck and neck in unpopularity contest Read numbers are interesting but not necessarily indicative polling neatly translate to votes. Far more important will be the turnout especially since the two leading presidential candidates are so close in terms of unpopularity. And the candidates know it. A senior adviser to Trump reportedly revealed last week that have three major voter suppression operations under intended to reduce votes for among white liberals and young though election day is still a week we already have some clues about whether turnout is lower among those groups because more than ballots have already been cast under the US early voting system. Approximately 125 million to 145 million are predicted to vote in the 2016 so those early votes represent a significant share of the expected total. Higher turnout than at this time in the 15 states that provide detailed information about those North and nine other states report more early voters than at the same point in the 2012 election. and showed a decline in early and those declines were signs of declining turnout from black voters and young early results offer mixed news for Early votes suggest that young voters who are much more likely than older voters to lean Democratic might be staying at home. In 12 fewer aged 18 to 29 have cast a ballot so far in this election compared with this point in 2012. This could be especially problematic for if this group is indicative of a broader or sentiment in which supporters of the former Democratic candidate Sanders choose to stay at home rather than voting for voters the only demographic group that appears put off. Early votes suggest that black turnout has fallen in eight states especially in North a state that yields 15 of the 270 electoral college votes needed to win the election and where polling suggests is in a close contest. If strategy is indeed to suppress the black that makes a lot of sense those voters could be crucial for to secure the White but up among good news for is that turnout is up across all states where early voting data is available. More votes from this strongly group is good news for but it might not be enough to offset declines in black and young votes. Because turnout has historically been it needs to increase significantly for this voting bloc to have a real impact. one other source of potential comfort for both candidates in all this. Maybe early voting behavior is a bad predictor of overall voting behavior. It could be that fewer young voters are casting their ballots now because they are just less likely to plan ahead than they were in 2012. Or might not be relying on young people for choosing instead to base more of her potential winning coalition on older who have consistently been a more reliable voting group historically. elections 
Twice a week we publish problems that will feature in a forthcoming Dear advice column in the Guardian so that readers can offer their own advice and suggestions. We then print the best of your comments alongside own am applying for jobs as a school librarian. I hold a degree in information and library and have seven experience working as a school librarian. The last job I applied I phoned before sending in my application and asked whether it would be possible to have a look around the library and meet the librarian. The school responded quickly and I visited the following day. I was impressed with the library space and could see by the friendly of the students that the current librarian was well sent her a thank you card after my visit and promptly sent in my application. I was one of seven but I did not get the were a number of things we were asked to do on the day of our including being interviewed by a panel of students and two senior members of the school. When it was my turn for the student the librarian was also in the room but she did not acknowledge me. I noticed the students looked to her at one point and I would have looked only it seemed rude to turn my attention away from the students. Of the seven I was rated least liked by the student it no longer appropriate to ask to look around a school library prior to applying for a job being Or doing what I consider essential My feeling is that I do not enhance my chances of being hired by doing so and that I may be creating an atmosphere of mistrust. I am applying for another job in a school library and would have asked to have a look around and perhaps meet the people but I want to lower my chances of being you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply personally. 
The must strike back at hostile states in cyberspace and be capable of mounting sophisticated of its own in place of military the chancellor has said that unless the could match the abilities of foreign rogue the alternatives would only be to ignore digital attacks on infrastructure or use military the national said the had to develop functioning we do not have the ability to respond in cyberspace to an attack that takes down our power leaving us in or hits our air traffic control grounding our we would be left with the impossible choice of turning the other cheek and ignoring the devastating consequences or resorting to a military said the next great conflict was likely to at least begin in before guns were loaded. is no doubt in my mind that the precursor to any future conflict will be a campaign of escalating to break down our and test our resolve before the first shot is he said in a speech on at Future Decoded strategy will allow us to take greater steps to defend ourselves in cyberspace back when we are attacked states appeared to believe were far less said. attacks carry huge risk of retaliation and may breach international but in cyberspace those who want to harm us appear to think that they can act and he said. said the new which doubles the amount set out in 2011 in a similar will us to take even greater steps to defend ourselves in cyberspace and to strike back when we are before the the Cabinet Office minister said warfare was longer the stuff of spy thrillers and action movies ... Our adversaries are varied criminal untrained teenagers and foreign funds will focus on for critical infrastructure such as energy and transport. Websites impersonating government departments will be shut down much more and efforts will be made to crack down on spoof email accounts used in fraud cases. The reforms include a new in announcement came as rebuffed claims made to the Guardian by the head of that the was behind hostile against Parker told the Guardian that was its whole range of state organs and powers to push its foreign policy abroad in increasingly aggressive ways involving subversion and is at work across and in the today. It is job to get in the way of words do not correspond to a said on someone produces proof we will consider those statements unfounded and security and 
And for is that. been a blast. I leave you with a handy link to the latest qualifying tables. Kyle has also been talking about Northern big We knew it was going to be difficult. a team that sits in and lets us have plenty of the but we got an early goal and forced them to come out and play. I think it was a proper Northern performance. seven years ago this was a game struggle but the last five years been winning these games. I think everyone wants to play for and and good for him that got 17 players that want to sweat blood for worked on set pieces all week. We knew Josh had a long and I finally got in there and got the and what worked on all week has paid off. a match report from leads the way as Northern ease past Read more Brunt has had a quick chat about Northern It was a good performance. We knew we were going to have to work pretty hard. For periods in the second half they had a lot of the but we were dangerous when we got the ball and got what we deserved. It a great start for getting smashed in the but I enjoyed the game tonight. It was a good I was delighted to be a part of it and hopefully kick on. And all over in where Northern have beaten 4-0 to record a sixth successive home win for the first time in all of Northern and Josh applaud the fans in Also 4-0 3-1 Some final 0-8 3-0 2-1 Republic 2-1 has another goal for the making the score 4-1 in stoppage time. has scored a second in stoppage from the penalty spot this and now 0-3 with on this one. been a thoroughly dominant performance tonight from Northern Made look very average 2016 King has scored to make it Republic 2-1 but the have just three minutes to find an 0-8 with the latest. qualifying hopes are hanging by a thread here. Northern have a 4-0 lead over And Brunt from just outside the corner of the penalty area sends the ball low and hard across goal and in at the far A goal from open of all Brunt celebrates with Oliver after scoring the fourth for Northern Now himself showing some scoring a lovely second goal for in where now 0-2 scores the second for have In their own crosses low and hard from inside the penalty and get out of the way before the ball hits his shin and flies into the net. 0-7 3-1 Peter with the latest for the home side. Serge has got himself a a lovely chipped have given up on marking and volley nestles inside the far 0-6 that flare explosion in 2016 Northern 3-0 set and match for the Northern and from another set piece. A corner from the right this and meets it at the near and from following his eyes after he makes contact I think it went where he wanted it to go at all I think he was trying to angle it across goal but that matter as it flew absolutely perfectly into the top corner at the near And Hector has put 5-0 up. not sure are going to come back from this. Hector scores past Goal for And their nightmare night is looking sunnier It should have been mind. a cross from the right towards who was half a yard offside. The keeper runs into fumbles the ball and turns it celebrates with teammates after scoring his goal. Images Another good chance for in Northern and it falls to who takes a touch on the edge of the opening up space for the but then spoons it over the bar with his right England lead heading in and are 4-0 up in scoring from a cross. The v game was stopped for a while as fans threw flares onto the Game stopped in after a flare exploded right in front of back on. Almost 10 minutes of interruption in best moment of the 2016 And within two another free this time from the left and crossed by and comes I think off on its way into the heads in to score the against Goal in And have They won a free 25 yards out or takes it and the ball flies straight to the spot that should really have been occupying if he headed off in the other direction for little obvious Great save from first proper chance of the game ends in frustration as effort is saved. Two more has given a 1-0 lead in and has put the 2-0 up at home to And England run down the other end and Sterling runs down the left and tees up an overlapping whose cross is headed in by an unmarked miss a fabulous chance moments into the second shooting and then moments later a shot from an excellent position is blocked by Stones. The players are back out in More action on its An email from has scored 9 goals for Northern as a he notes. scored once for in the same period. I may not be the only one to find this statistic slightly It is indeed though at this rate will soon be a specialist international striker as well. And the whistle has now gone in thanks to that Brunt injury the last of the games to end. be back shortly for half two. have another goal disallowed for the disappointed goalscorer this but there was no doubt about that one. now half time in is running about with all the poise of a Guardsman lost his horse but I think actually touched a ball reports watching the action at the where the score remains goalless. defender fouls Jimmy at the Images have put the ball in the back of the net but this time strike was disallowed for which he seemed pretty unhappy about. Goal for Northern Again it comes from a set delivery from the free kick was and heads in at the far Double The 36th minute have broad goals in where penalty has put the home side 2-1 up against and in where Martin has given the hosts a 3-0 lead. Northern are absolutely dominating their game. There been a lot of clear but attacking pretty remorselessly. have been made to wait for goal but the wait is as run from deep picked out by a short pass and pokes into the corner from 15 yards.
Anyone who has seen the documentary may not have been entirely surprised that it was former congressman who threw a late spanner in the works of campaign. The film charts in excruciating detail the collapse of a political career of a laptop is now reportedly under scrutiny by the lest it contain emails pertinent to private server. But if there is a movie sequel to be it might be called An avalanche of tens of thousands of other hacked from campaign chairman John account and released by in regular bursts over the past has provided an unprecedented window on the inner workings of a presidential laid bare with all the brutal of a are the office the the the evolving attempts to package a candidate who admits she is not a natural political performer like her husband or The hoard offers insights that would not normally see the light of day until memoirs published years or decades campaign has blamed the government for breaking into account and passing on the material to in an attempt to help Trump win next election. It has generally declined to confirm or deny the authenticity of the but a veteran of nearly half a century of US says he has spoken to the a of adviser reveals how ally warned him about leaked emails Read handling of classified information as secretary of state which flared up again last week thanks to has cast a shadow over her entire campaign and been a source of much angst at her headquarters. When the issue first reached public attention in March last wrote of three fellow of our friends and sure forthcoming on the facts message was sent to president of the Center for Progress in who has a regular cameo in the emails. She wrote is a special. Know you love but this stuff is like her heal Or Why they get this stuff out like 18 months So guess I know the answer. They wanted to get away with Twitter is no in email investigation and are unswervingly loyal to but could be described as critical friends. In another exchange in warned that the campaign has on a lot of water that be easy to pump out of the boat. Most of that has to do with terrible decisions made but a lot has to do with her instincts. nervous so prepping more and performing better. Got to do something to pump up excitement but not certain how to do no one knows better me that her instincts can be the seemingly innocuous senator Sanders came out of nowhere to challenge in the Democratic there were fears of a repeat of her shock defeat by in 2008. warned against attacking Sanders too game out what that does to she wrote in August last year. we went after she got killed for it. Reaffirmed all her strengthened him. We had no idea it was for us to do but it was. I know if it was or suspected but really something to focus group when wrote in praise of the climate you believe that attacked in March this strategist think Sanders is a rule breaker and has no institutional loyalty to the Democratic we should expect him to ignore the rules and persist in his quest to flip despite overwhelming evidence that reflects his considerable weaknesses with the Democratic base and no doubt in the pulled no punches when campaign hesitated over whether to condemn Democratic activist for demanding medical records. She God. Her instincts are stout defender of in in private injects some bracing honesty that suggests the candidate is not surrounded by sycophants. After the former first lady described herself as a asked of did she call herself a wrote pushed her on this on night. She claims she remember saying it. Not sure I believe mean it makes my life more difficult after telling every reporter I know actually progressive but that is really the smallest of issues. It worries me more that she seem to know what planet we are all living in at the daily dump of stolen emails has uncovered lucrative Wall Street lists of 39 potential and 84 potential campaign fresh questions over a conflict of interest with the Foundation and alleged advance warnings of debate questions. But there have been few revelations likely to alter the course of the race for the White just as release of US embassy cables often showed judgment in a flattering so the emails have illuminated a micromanaged campaign operation with a focus and little by way of or even foul language. The nerve all too aware of its weaknesses and sensitive to media and as prone as any other office to personality terse exchanges and mutual email treasure trove also lifts the lid on the complications of celebrity endorsements. In August assistant to the star wrote to to propose a meeting with discuss ways he can be used as bridge to the generation during the 2016 presidential served as for 25th birthday party in she forwarded the email to one of whom was wife she wrote. am so weighed actually seen in concert and if this meeting happens I would like to staff She both the Boys and the Chemical then the conversation took a darker turn when another member of presumably responsible for background raised concerns over are a couple of altercations he pleaded guilty but they were from a while back. more recently shouted at officers while protesting the grand jury decision not to indict took a but the meeting did go ahead. Twitter for someone who and Jay Z back as woman for there are campaign surrogates who go rogue. a lawyer and former special counsel to Bill during his put his foot in it when talking about email server on Later that day now the campaign emailed gotta zap out of our universe. believe he committed her to a private review of her hard drive on May last wrote of longtime family friend always amazes me that people like either completely lack self awareness or self respect. Maybe both. Will you promise to shoot me if I ever end up like runs a tight ship and has an unenviable job. Countless people want to give him advice or meet him for dinner. In last columnist wrote a panicked email about visiting a university campus where Sanders had a booth but did not. is happening at every major campus in he warned to a Politico story about attacks on Sanders by went way NOT to handle is to telegraph how afraid the campaign is of and then dispense covert talking points that cannot be put in writing that embody the oldest politics that will only infuriate many liberal Democrats and give an media a legitimate story line to gave a brisk response that do you think that story is not just a bunch of hyped up intended to have exactly the kind of reaction you are elections 
In the it took less than 24 hours for Silicon Valley to start making nice with a full the tech industry had collectively railed against the and tenor of candidate displaying a political consensus so strong that the only public Peter became the target of a shunning campaign from industry insiders. Even the generally apolitical Mark rebuked Trump and his voices talking about building Peter faces Silicon Valley backlash after pledging to Trump Read on night had a new message. read the tag on a photograph shared of himself and his infant daughter watching the election returns. In the he wrote that the world we want for our was than any The accompanying displayed happy eyes and an eager grin. was not alone in his change of in the tech community are willing to work with Trump to help those who need it tweeted venture capitalist and erstwhile Trump critic door is Amazon who said in that behavior chimed in with a note of to I for one give him my most open mind and wish him great success in his service to the Silicon Valley can do business with a businessman in the White House after all. trade and made various statements during the campaign that suggested a Trump presidency would pose a direct threat at the tech industry. For an industry reliant on immigrant his xenophobia was anathema. He called out over the hiring of foreign workers on visas. He told Apple that it would have to build its products in the then called for a boycott when the company stood up to the in its quest to force the company to unlock one of the He hinted that he might go after Amazon for its growing monopoly in telling Fox News that has huge antitrust vehemently opposed the which was supported by a large coalition of tech industry lobbying who wrote in a letter to congressional leaders that the trade deal would borders open to the free flow of provide a strong and balanced intellectual property prohibit data localization requirements and other barriers to digital and protect trade among many other Twitter Trump has told Apple that it would have to build its products in the US. also displayed signs of a dismayingly poor understanding of how technology actually with bizarre debate comments on warfare and his statement that the review 650,000 emails in eight with Yet despite his antagonistic exchanges with the technology Trump has also put forward decidedly ideas that could be quite welcome in Silicon Valley. transition website states that reform is cornerstone of the Trump and promises a moratorium on new a review of old and the cancellation of many executive orders. He has also promised to lower the corporate tax rate from to not to like for deputy director of the National Employment Law suggested Trump should fulfill his campaign to assist working people by taking on passing risk away from themselves and onto the back of workers and illegally calling them or independent a practice at the core of of successful gig economy companies like and Handy. But that approach which would involve serious regulatory action by the Department of Labor does not seem likely from any Republican rhetoric notwithstanding. all white men who are saying that. They have nothing to director of the Trump the argument of contractor v employee falls more on the side than it does under a said a venture capitalist with anticipated both opportunity and potential danger under a Trump administration. apparent eagerness to set off a trade war with China could be damaging to consumer electronics companies like which rely on manufacturing infrastructure and as well as the global supply chain of manufacture a phone overnight in the United he said. is a dangerous game to New tech other Trump promises might create new markets ripe for Silicon favorite form of disruptive such as his plan to deport millions of undocumented some of whom form the bulk of the agricultural labor force. That might create opportunity for the said. they really are serious and farm labor gets then anything that automates labor is something that is going to he said. Clean energy technology may be a given enthusiasm for and fossil fuels. value proposition of anyone trying to reduce carbon dioxide is going to be he said. Twitter campaign stops in liberal were met with protests during the election. if Trump ends up being good or at least for the tech many people who work in the industry are feeling less sanguine about the a former director of Code for and of the questioned how people in the realm of could continue doing their work under does it mean to be building tools that make an authoritarian dictator government more she asked. do you continue to do your work to make it easier for people to do their immigration paperwork when Trump is threatening to deport DREAMers of undocumented means they care about expressed dismay at the conciliatory tone of tech industry as did the director of engineering at Slack. is striking a softer he said. you have to worry about stop and you have to worry about being you have to worry about being all white men who are saying he added. have nothing to who is suggested that the Trump presidency might cause Silicon Valley to lose highly skilled workers not only by stopping them from immigrating but by causing some to emigrate elsewhere. Silicon Valley investors call for to secede from the US after Trump win Read I am reconsidering what my role is in the United he said. am exploring all of my options because I like living in and right now I am living in fear. Living in a country that afraid of is not something I want to do. Maybe that feeling will maybe it will but how I Of in addition to highly skilled visa the tech industry also relies on an industry of service sector many of whom are immigrants as well. whole team is said a immigrant who works in the cafeteria at is going to make things horrible for all the a but worried that if something happens they will take it said said that she had overheard several employees cheering the Trump victory at work. were really happy and I felt she what it means for me is that they care about elections 
Many seats on flights could be free in a with the airline making its money from sharing revenues with boss said this week. But of flying and really be average cost to of carrying a passenger is at current exchange according to the 2016 annual while the average cost of a ticket is a loss of around on every ticket it sells. But it was able to record a large profit because it made around from in other baggage priority sandwiches and drinks sold on travel insurance and so on. It turns out the average spends on which is where the real money if you really want to be a the trick is to avoid all the things tries to sell buy extra legroom or priority charges each on top of the normal if you want to reserve a seat in rows one and or 16 and 17 by the emergency as they have extra other seats on are charged at an extra each way. Yet frequent know a trick that works most of the whereby they obtain a premium seat without paying the booking process you will be asked to reserve a seat. Just click will subsequently send out emails to remind you to check and imploring you to pay for a reserved them. The best time to check in is between two and three hours before your flight. In most cases you will then automatically be allocated one of the premium seats. make sure you complete before the final deadline. After you will have to do it at the at a cost of does this We have not had this confirmed by but the thinking is that it does not sell all its premium but does fill most of its aircraft. It keeps the premium seats open until the last possible the final few checking in have to be seated so they are rewarded with one of the empty premium problem with this trick is that it is not guaranteed only really works for solo If you are in a group then it will mean you are almost certainly split told we welcome enterprising important to note that our load factor for was and the only way for customers to guarantee their preferred seat is to purchase a reserved waste on a bottle of water A bag of is on its but a bag bought at costs all know should by that you take more than of liquid through security. On on this by charging a stiff to thirsty who want a bottle of water. But all you have to do is pack an empty plastic bottle and fill it up at a water fountain after security in the airport terminal. Some presumably at the behest of will hide the water fountain as best they but there usually is one. At south terminal it is on the upstairs down a corridor leading to the toilets. And nearly always a savvy there topping up their dinky wine bottles can also be found for in before although rules say you drink your own alcohol on board. Of once on board it will sell you wine at per same goes for snacks. You are perfectly free to carry vegetables and all solid foods through security in your hand although soup will breach the rules. Sandwiches on board cost but you can make some at home says you are free to take your own food. And a bag of is on its but a bag bought at costs baggage bag costs each and another or if Above each kilo costs another tenner. Unless the depths of winter and you need heaps of free baggage though should get you you are allowed a free hand luggage bag the size of a small wheelie plus a further small bag. representatives used to have a reputation for seizing vaguely weighing them and charging but in recent years have become more Lewis from demonstrated on the Tonight how to squash a vast amount of stuff into your jacket or coat. Wearing a US survivalist he managed to squeeze in a two a a magazines and much more. though it was heavier than hand airlines have rules to stop it he the priority boarding remains a mystery to frequent why so many people opt for priority which will be on a return. It is not uncommon for priority customers to be first down the steps to be greeted by a bus waiting on the tarmac but when the bus doors open a people opt for priority to ensure space in the luggage but it can be and to leave your wheelie bag on the tarmac to be put in the for and then collect it on arrival. but the hotel and car hire hotel booking service is provided by and its car hire by which pays a commission to the airline. We thought that might mean cheaper to buy separately. But when we tested prices for hotels in for a we found that a stay at the Inn was actually cheaper through website than anything we could find on comparison site while the cars were 
Smith Goes to The Best Man Citizen Seven Days in May Swing Vote Bob Election The Candidate Seven Days in May Advise Consent The Candidate The Campaign The Contender The Conquest Meet John Doe State of the Union All the King's Men The Great Silver City W. The Ides of March The President Three Days of the Condor Taxi Driver The Parallax View The Candidate Our Brand Is Crisis State of Play No The Motorcycle Diaries The Great The Grapes of Wrath Runs for Mayor The Last Man of the Year Napoleon Dynamite Wag the Dog Head of State You your friends Share on Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on Share on Share on Share on Share on Messenger Close Submit film elections 
Share on on via more sharing on on on on on the abundance of products from smoked salmon is a highlight of this return of millions of salmon from their oceanic journey of thousands of miles back to the rivers where they were spawned is one of the most stirring sights in and their tender pink flesh has kept First Nations tribes sustained for centuries. John is like nowhere Read taste of history heads up our food wine marinated smoked made by Little Miss a company founded by a member of First Nation who uses traditional cold smoking techniques with a modern twist. The salmon is Ocean Wise meaning it is a sustainable and is known for its natural abundance and delicious and the hamper has a number of treats in from salted caramel pecan popcorn or almond butter crunch candy for your sweet to cooking aids such as vinegar or Black Truffle full list of goodies Salty Date Almond Crisp Crackers vinegar Marinated Smoked Salmon Caramel Pecan Popcorn Butter Crunch Candy Black Truffle Salt Aromatic Bitters Chocolate Fruit Nut Bar Sea Salt Caramels Lemon Simple Syrup Sea Dark Chocolate with Blueberries Meets Chocolate Hazelnut Praline Dark Chocolate Syrup Lavender Jelly and Destination Hamper prize draw is open to residents of the aged 18 and Prize Draw is not open to employees or agencies of Guardian News Media Limited or the their group companies or family freelance contributors to or anyone else connected to the Prize into the Prize Draw shall be deemed to have accepted these Terms and enter the Prize Draw you must enter your details as above. If you have any questions about how to enter or otherwise in connection with the Prize please email with in the subject one entry per person. Entries on behalf of another person will not be accepted and joint submissions are not allowed. You are responsible for the cost of sending your Prize Draw entry to us. The winner shall be the owner of the email address from which the selected winning entry is accepts no responsibility for entries that are misdirected or incomplete or cannot be delivered or entered for any technical or other reason. Proof of delivery of the entry is not proof of receipt by Prize Draw closes at on 30 2016. Entries received outside this time period will not be winner will receive a hamper of foods. Only one winner per household. accepts no responsibility for any costs associated with the prize that are not expressly included in the winners will be selected by way of a random draw from all entries received in accordance with these Terms and winner will be notified by phone or email on or after 15 2016 and given details of how to claim their prize. If a winner does not respond to within 14 days of being notified of their the prize will be forfeited and shall be entitled to select another winner in accordance with the process described above that winner will have to respond to notification of their win within 14 days or else they will also forfeit their If a winner rejects their prize or the entry is invalid or in breach of these the prize will be forfeited and shall be entitled to select another prize will be sent to the winner by 31 name and county of the winner can be obtained by sending a stamped addressed envelope to the following Guardian Guardian News Media Kings 90 prize is and not redeemable for cash or any other reserves the right to substitute the prize with an alternative prize of similar value in the event that the original prize offered is not winner may be required to take part in promotional activity related to the Prize Draw and the winner shall participate in such activity on the reasonable request. The winner consents to the use by the Promoter and its related both before and after the closing date of the Prize Draw for an unlimited of the photograph and name for publicity purposes any including still photographs and and on the including any websites hosted by the Promoter and its related and in marketing or promotional material without additional compensation or prior notice in entering the Prize all entrants consent to the Promoter shall use and take care of any personal information you supply to it as described in its privacy a copy of which can be seen at and in accordance with data protection legislation. By entering the Prize you agree to the usage and distribution of your personal information in order to process and contact you about your Prize Draw and for the purposes outlined in paragraph 12 accepts no responsibility for any injury or disappointment incurred or suffered by you as a result of entering the Prize Draw or accepting the prize. further disclaims liability for any injury or damage to your or any other computer relating to or resulting from participation in or downloading any materials in connection with the Prize Draw. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude the liability of under law for fraud or fraudulent or for death or personal injury resulting from its reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or temporarily or this Prize Draw with or without prior notice due to reasons outside its reasonable control without in the case of suspected or actual The decision of in all matters relating to the Prize Draw is final and no correspondence will be entered shall not be liable for any failure to comply with its obligations relating to this Prize Draw where the failure is caused by something outside its reasonable control. Such circumstances shall but not be limited weather industrial political civil inevitable supervening legislation or any other circumstances amounting to force Prize Draw and these Terms and Conditions will be governed by law and entrants to the Prize Draw submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Guardian News Media Kings 90 cool 
it there. Enough already. You can consign Fiver to the dustbin of history of course one of those people lucky enough to have an email service that does it and head straight to the because nothing in edition of the only email is going to top that headline. Wordplay so cunning you in the words of pin a tail on it and call it a not only does it dredge up memories of a Star Wars character most nerds would rather it more or less tells the whole story of with monotonous was first to crack in his with City manager Pep If at least three different tabloids nick it for back then The Fiver will finally be prepared to concede that not quite the barometer of modern football culture long presumed ourselves to story so after was left out of squad for Big the sent his rattle sailing out of the pram in a parabolic accusing Pep of his client. is decision and we must respect he before embarking on a series of disrespectful and very public tirades traducing the capabilities as a man and manager. Pep duly responded by announcing that would not be considered for the City first team until expressed contrition for his remarks and has remained steadfastly true to his word in the two months since. Having maintained a dignified a has finally cracked and on issued an apology to his that could scarcely have sounded more sincere if it had come from The Fiver after inadvertently spilling the pint of our violent cousin in an 10 things to look out for this weekend Read wish to on behalf of myself and those who represent me to the management team and all those working at the club for the misunderstandings from the simpered statements do not represent my views on the club or the people who work there. I have nothing but respect for City and only wish the best for the football club. I am immensely proud to have played a part in the history and want to help City succeed further. I live to play football and entertain the then. Although has technically not has on his behalf and with Pep being a reasonable man of his will now be free to play football and entertain the fans. he might have been until over to you want but not he thundered through our radio speakers. for Maybe has for but I know for what. I think mean A in sulk To paraphrase sometimes even if said insincerely for the sake of an easy seems to be the hardest OF THE really standout thing about this stadium is that going to be almost entirely made of wood the first time that will have been done anywhere in the world. At started with a blank sheet of paper and be going further than anyone has done before. This really will be the greenest football stadium in the Forest Green chief suit Dale a former new age no reveals plans for the ground around. Twitter Proper moody. it really only six years ago that an managed by won Big Cup the now they are reduced to this and respectively. almost as though both got a message in 2010 that for Noble never understood all the hysteria surrounding the Stadium nor the resentment by some in respect to the minimal contribution by Taxpayers After if I can read that notable personalities are suggesting of all things tearing it down and starting a stadium that cost nearly to build and a further to turn it into a questionable football ground my your economy must be in a far better state of affairs than what the rest of the world is led to believe. Disposable nominative indeterminism letters Seeing that was on the other I said to film about a bus driver called living in town called the film for Before any hipster Fiver readers head for the I would like to warn them that I would rather sit and watch Japan v England v 2014 and v than see film Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is Noble who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager and out got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters AC and co for the latest thrilling of Football Weekly Extra. And Producer tells us there are still some tickets available for the Palladium live show on 15 THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring AND drinks are on trousering a reported a year as Shanghai new coach. are convinced his arrival will enrich the tactical nous of the unearth the potential of our young talents and guide our club to scale new whooped a club statement. certainly enrich has shown his sensible side again by revealing that just because overseeing England at the moment mean definitely be up for taking on the thankless task think it is as easy as I would like the and I would also like to see how it is affecting my family and my health he Milk Cup has got a new sponsor. And guess forward will spend 12 matches on the naughty step after a bumper ban from the FA. player was involved in an act of violent conduct in or around the 77th minute of game against a eight months after it bods have opened up disciplinary proceedings against the for a symbol relating to the Easter Rising that was on Republic shirts during their match with Like Harry is a thing of the past and that means he may start for Spurs in north Inter really really what it used to but wants to quickly shift focus to putting the hurt on Mike come back to the training session for good and a good emotional leaving emotion because if we stay on this feeling you lose you lose after all the possibilities to give a good to make a good game against he footballing crumpet has expressed his delight at being able to wear a kit made of rubbish in match against grew up on the beaches of I am particularly pleased to be able to wear a jersey made from recycled ocean he WANT first I had to call a farmer and ask him to cut the If your are cold you can warm them immediately by drinking in these stories from FA Cup minnows hoping to cause an upset in the first round this weekend. And then overheat them with this film at Twitter Here you and thought so hard to bring you these 10 things to look out for in the Premier League this weekend that you really ought to do the right thing and read them. East should be playing this song on repeat as they hope to go one better than the great side of 1971-72 this weekend. has the skinny. Has already got syndrome at dons his tin hat and picks his north derby best XI. and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND LIVES IN 
Why do I feel more relaxed in supermarkets with wide Post your answers and new questions below or email them to Please include address and phone and and
I understand the rules of the if any player takes a set they cannot then touch the ball until another player writes if a penalty taker hits the post or bar and follows up on the rebound before anyone an indirect would be given to the defending team. Despite this being a plausible I ever remember it happening. Has it ever Is there any grainy video footage of it including angry baffled players advising the referee on where his whistle should be grounds named after the very long dead The Knowledge Read a word yes. Plenty. But two examples seem to have stuck in the minds of Knowledge readers more than most. in then Peter came a cropper against United at Road. Brook was far from the only reader to email about but as he was and the first to provide requested grainy let him take over from response to indeed it writes had the pleasure of witnessing the baffled Peter watch his goal get disallowed after he hit his penalty against the post and scored from the rebound at Road in As an John shirt is a delightful added years later Teddy provided supporters with a reason to chuckle making his United back at White Hart Lane as fate would have he failed to convert from the spot in front of the Sky Sports cameras. Over to you by no means the only reader to recall 10 August Teddy took a penalty on his United debut at White Hart Lane against the Spurs side he left that summer. To the delight of the home he rattled it against the post and hammered the rebound over the bar. the rebound would not have counted had it gone because of the above And here is more grainy footage. Twitter Teddy did not enjoy a happy homecoming at White Hart Lane in 1997. also was also able to bring our attention to a more recent example. comes from last writes Max. his side trailing 2-0 against took a penalty late on. With the ball cannoning back off the and landing perfectly at he takes a touch before hammering home. The referee then disallows the goal leading to some bemused faces and indignant and flagged up poor old whose rebound effort for United against in 2012 was disallowed as it turns out. thumped one against the bar and turned the ball home after it bounces back to but while the referee appears to have paid plenty of attention at referee the goalkeeper later confessed to getting a touch on the thereby making the goal perfectly legal. went on to win 2-0 to at least soften the blow for Corners are also relevant here. as there was high controversy in 1-0 win over in 1952. corner struck the rebounded back to him and he immediately swung over a cross for to head the winner. The referee ought to have blown for an indirect but instead the goal went down by three points that season while Spurs were commenting in the for their next home decision is and even if we have been the gainers in this instance there have been previous cases in which we have been the grainy footage on this occasion has proved here is a demonstration on precisely what to do should you be a and strike your effort against as shown by courtesy of penalty is the highest number of penalties scored by a player in a single domestic asks United in Northern top have defensive midfielder Tony of and who has scored nine penalties in his 18 games so far this season. What is the record to is undoubtedly prolific from the it appears he still has a way to go before he can usurp a former attacking who made his international debut in a 2-0 win over England in has a record for his club side as from informs us. scored 17 of his 23 goals in the 86-87 season in from the penalty spot. His were eliminated on penalties in their against and it was then that missed his first penalty of the A bear with a sore no and Wanderers hall of who can boast a whopping 20 penalties in a single according to the season international scored 42 league goals in 30 games for Sporting From those 16 came from penalties. He scored 20 penalties in all that if we include three in the domestic cup and one in the Twitter was lethal from the spot in the 2001-02 season. a got Bull off West tweets Savage. he got a stand named after him. Any more standees who played for arch sure be inundated with people saying that Forest have a stand named after who was a legendary manager and won the league at their arch rivals Derby not sure what he did at joshes and indeed he is we have been inundated with emails. And as Miller points the question asked for the names of players who had stands named after them after playing for their arch my Forest have two stands named after people who managed the club after managing Derby together and has another and an equally valid one. would be hard to beat Sir Busby. An icon at United having not only a stand but also a street outside the ground named after he also played successfully for City for eight years as well as captaining where he played for five years wartime continues the but also brings our attention to at also have a statue of Law who signed for Man City after leaving United. But these count as outside the ground. In the known as is occupied by rivals and turned out for both sides in his playing although he is far more of a legend at Inter than So both clubs have their whole stadium named after someone who played for their fiercest who just so happens to be the same in enjoyed a spell at in the before going on to enjoy legendary status at where the Fair Play stand is named after him. Watt played for between 1965 and he later went on to become the most successful manager in the history and a reporter live on In 2011 the Fair Play was renamed after with the shirt numbers to match their names The Knowledge Read your 3-0 win over where all three goals were writes was wondering if anyone knows what is the highest scoring match where all goals scored were suffice it to say that as impressive a feat as was against three headed goals is the not the most scored in one match. City the 1998 vintage triumphed 4-0 away to Derby County in the Premier with headed goals from and And they were 4-0 up in the opening 15 Thanks to for bringing that one to our attention. But even the Foxes must play second fiddle to Oxford who headed six of their best in a 6-0 drubbing of in as Graham informs sponsors City have been sponsored by three different car makers in and points out a couple of weeks back. another club beat them for number of different car has an emphatic answer. have been sponsored by four different car and friend insists there is a specific word for the goal that takes a team from being 2-0 down to 2-1 wrote Hall in before was part of the parlance of our this word exist and what is mate is almost spot is the score that reduces a deficit to just one goal so not only does it apply to the one that takes a team from being 2-0 down to 2-1 but also to the goal that makes it 3-2 rather than 4-3 instead of of opens up a whole new avenue of exploration terms in other languages to describe very specific occurrences in football. We went through them in detail back in from the to in Can you watching the derby and it occurred to me that Inter have been sponsored by for as long as I can writes this the longest running active shirt If not who and which holds the all time see Serge scored a on his international observes wondering how many other players have achieved this or even exceeded And if any of them had also been sold by Arsenal for a criminally small amount of switched to a 3-4-3 formation at in their defeat at they have now scored 17 goals without conceding one. What is the highest amount of goals scored without concession over a series of games exclude crazy scores like 36-0 for asks was recently reading to my son a novel about a football team. This team goes to a cup tournament and wins the first match 3-2 thanks to three own mails then win the 1-0 thanks to an own goal. And the book ends with the final being thanks to an own goal. So my question has there been a team who have played three consecutive where all their goals are scored by opposition your questions and answers to or 
As the North Soccer League gears up for its championship final between New Cosmos and Eleven in New on Bay Rowdies owner Bill has warned he is poised to take legal action against the alleging ties to how a small stadium became a fortress for US soccer Read a real estate investor based in St withdrew the Bay Rowdies from the last instead opting to play next season in the United Soccer a competition featuring smaller market clubs and Major League Soccer reserve told the Guardian his legal action will be based on ties to Traffic a sports marketing company where two and pleaded guilty to corruption charges resulting from the 2015 investigation into and the confederation. dirty money in and clean money said who bought a controlling interest in the Rowdies in 2013. situation involving Traffic Sports and its involvement in the league has not been resolved to my claims his Rowdies team was to participate in the whose management at that time included an who acted as the board chairman and also took a role as President of Fort another team. was suspended by the league when the indictments were made would have never joined at the time had I been aware that Traffic Sports and and were involved criminal said league management at the including made material misrepresentations and omissions regarding the integrity of the league and its financial legal action will serve as a blow to a league already facing significant challenges as its season reaches a climax. Fury will also leave the for the next while United will make an upward move to Major League Soccer next year. Financial question marks cloud the future of Fort Strikers and The politics of soccer in the United States is pretty volatile at the moment and has to work through some Cosmos led the 2009 relaunch of the when he convinced several teams playing in to join a new version of the league. Traffic handled the new business activities and funded the Fort Stars and The suspended its relationship with and Traffic when the allegations were made public but according to a relationship to working for Traffic had worked at a sports marketing firm that subleased office space in Trump Tower in from Chuck the who turned witness and pleaded guilty to wire money laundering and tax pleaded guilty to racketeering conspiracy and conspiracy charges in federal court in last the 20th conviction by the Department of Justice connected to last have stressed to the league the importance of separating itself from Traffic Sports and the corrupt criminal enterprise to no said. never wanted to leave the I fought for two years to clean it up. I get enough cooperation from the league and at the end of the day I was basically forced out. I in all good faith be involved in a league in the condition it is records obtained by the New Times last year revealed that the ownership structure is divided into stakeholders team owners with voting including Traffic and for other stakeholders that have invested money in the league. Traffic Sports is the majority a conference call with reporters on commissioner Bill declined to clarify relationship with Traffic claiming he did not want the subject to distract from resolved almost all the relationships Traffic and what is left will be settled soon was his only comment. The Guardian also asked the league to clarify the nature of their relationship with Traffic via email. The declined to comment. Twitter celebrates with his Cosmos in a game at Giants Stadium in 1977. Focus On has long been the wild child of pro soccer in North The name was initially used for the first truly national league that operated from 1968 to 1984. The story is well late New 73,000 fans at Giants Stadium. That league shut down in 1984 when only two teams wanted to relaunched the with reborn versions of New Fort and Bay Rowdies. The league was eventually sanctioned by the US Soccer Federation after significant political wrangling as North second a tier below Major League season saw 12 teams participate in the league including the Islanders and Next Deltas will join the are not the first league to go through growing said Commissioner in an interview with the explaining the current instability. elevator pitch is that the has a low barrier for and a lack of regulation comparative to which makes it a less complicated investment for any party looking to put money into North you can overlay the population of the United States over western soccer countries you would have over 150 first division he said. we end up with or or 60 professional clubs all in this the opportunity is massive. I think it is too early to tell where it goes but over time we will see how big we get. It is a little early to start writing the final chapter of this league when we are just getting optimism is shared by Peter a soccer industry veteran leading a bid for a team from to join the potential for the team to be a really big deal. It could be a game changer for the said who launched Fire for in 1997 and in 2013 oversaw the launch of which will play for the championship on is it would attract other big change the dynamic of and get it to be the type of league that all the investors dreamed it was going to be. If the deal come then that is one less chance for the league to make that Eleven are an success noted for their community engagement and drawing crowds of around 9,000 to home games. Wilt is also an advisor for Club an investment company with a specific interest in professional soccer teams and claims unparalleled interest in investment in the have never seen anything like he says. see the soccer boom is finally here and want to get in on the ground floor at relatively low cost with an immature product and market that is going to challenges are and the plight of the New who have dominated the since they entered the league in may be a metaphor for the league. The team is owned by a in a partnership with a sports and entertainment as well as World Sport a powerful sports media and marketing company based in founded by Cosmos chairman have a sponsorship deal with Emirates and in recent seasons has included in their Real legend international and 2008 winner and star matches are played at University on Long in a stadium shared with the football and lacrosse but Cosmos will host the final at Stadium in Queens is booked for a university event this weekend. Stadium has a capacity of 2,168 and its field is built on top of a parking is no doubt that playing at has hurt our growth said Cosmos chief operating officer Stover. The club has been frustrated in attempts to build its own stadium in the New seem to get to the finish line with our stadium proposal and then get pulled back for one political reason or another that is not explained to says the Cosmos board and its ownership is committed to the even with current challenges. The truth is with shutting the door on a third New Cosmos has little said was going to die 15 years Stover said. is loads of money coming into soccer in the but there is not a structure that everyone agrees on. Without an accepted you are going to have differences of opinion and and it is not always going to go the way or or US Soccer wants. The politics of soccer in the United States is pretty volatile at the moment and has to work through some things and I think anybody knows what any of this is going to look like in five equally possible no one knows what any of this will look like after legal action from Bill and the Bay Rowdies. The scandal had long arms that reached all the way to lower leagues in North spend a lot of money joining a league and then leave it and spend more money going to a different unless of course there are issues that you said. believe they can clean it up. You clean something that is dirty and make it clean. of you get rid of the 
It was a tweet which spoke volumes. No sooner had completed his remarkable ascension to the top of Nick paid homage on social media. the wrote the before posting a picture of him rubbing head. A heartwarming tennis for the as the licks his wounds following a meltdown in Shanghai last month which earned severe sanctions and sessions with a sports watching his buddy reach for the stars can only have a positive effect. There after much of in Both are complex characters. Their respective countries have endured a relative dearth of success which brings its own core of genius is there is nothing fake on court or off it Read best sportsmen are often curious puzzles which are fiendishly difficult to solve. Both fall into that yet are also rampaging talents on the tennis court. why a superstar with no airs or has constantly been available to help the young deal with the troubles which pollute his undoubted brilliance with in with criticism is hard to but has been there and been brilliant with Nick in helping him understand the a source close to told the Guardian. no manual on how to deal with being famous. He tells him not to get carried away when everything is going to plan and tells him straight when it starts to get ugly. Nick looks up to him more than anyone. There is no one he respects and seeing what has achieved is all he needs to take his career is always available or email. has also opened the something for which he has been yet is man. The pair are planning a training block together in the coming months. a relentless athlete in the invite just anyone into the of his inner sanctum. He that works hard off the even if his invites large swathes of criticism from those who are unable to see the whole among his the shunned in the locker room or given the cold shoulder. Of not cup of tea. His relationship with suffered following their unseemly last August but has now healed. Yet his tennis talents help him earn respect with a senior group including and John will hang out with him in foreign climes. In hotel duels on are keenly fought. the battles in mind are harder to combat. knows the pitfalls in which younger players can find themselves. The has been there. Hitting the ball over the net is the straightforward part. Dealing with strains and stresses of sporting is a harder nut to crack and one with which has meltdown in was symptomatic of his inability to cope. With tournament sponsor earmarking one of their as a marquee everyone wanted a piece. The demands were yet there we no complaints. all part of the superb one of the best in his which resulted in a soon followed but within 48 he was in starting all over again. No no time for breathing space. The denouement was brutal and the repercussions seismic. Something had to and even though was dispatched in straight against he cracked. Serving underarm and arguing with fans is never a good looked awful. The critics once again had of ammunition to unload. The firestorm blazed. How could it was terrible and Nick knows he has to do better than the source said. was constant between and Shanghai. Playing and doing everything else has taken its dealing with everything that comes with being one of the best players in the world is a learning and where someone like can come in and help. Nick loves is the time for this supremely talented student to follow his lead. There is no better role 
There are only 11 days left until the US presidential election between and this microwaved fondue of a man named Trump. If you know that an that next and that it could drastically alter the fate of the human then you are truly a lost soul and are beyond help. why are you reading the you be watching your cousin set off illegal fireworks in your driveway or preparing for your latest court a look at the bizarre art inspired by the Republican candidate Read bored of stuff blowing up or recently acquitted and do want to be reminded that an election that you can and should vote then allow me to recommend the following celebrity public service announcements. Some of them are amusing. Some are deeply condescending. All of them will inspire you to participate in your future. After why we have celebrities. like a alarm clock for the end of this written a very brief script for my own which I have thus far been denied funding for by various media outlets including the and the Home Shopping Network. Please email me or me on Twitter if like to fund this worthy Vote Your Future Twitter This video is the gold standard for voting which makes it the least appealing of the bunch. seen famous people in front of a plain backdrop making earnest appeals before. This is pretty junior though That Show star almost starts crying when considering how xenophobic and racist people can be toward migrant workers in this country. appears for an uncomfortably long stretch looking like a mortician and pleading for sensible gun control measures. This particularly which is why in last but I disagree with any of the sentiments. Just try harder next time. Add a bald eagle or a of Trump as a baby. People love that Joss Save the Day Twitter Because of Joss power and influence in he was able to get some real notable names to including and Mark here sporting a tasteful with multiple necklaces. has grown a mustache that makes him look like a truck driver considering transporting across state lines to make ends anybody going to stop 30 songs protesting a President Trump Read the Day is very meta and acknowledges the absurdity of its plus all the that make Vote Your Future so ponderous. it pivots into a hard partisan message about voting against which led to an even worse response video from conservatives that got less than half a million views compared to the which was seen times. sure those are all unique views because why would you watch this video more than once unless a writing a about it. In which I you have to watch it and and and and The Tonight Wants You to Vote Twitter just some telling you to vote over music. I had to give this one the edge purely because it is the only video in the history of man to feature both and House speaker Unless a Fourth of cookout hosted by and Newt that I know No Regrets Twitter Dear old Dame want to suffer the same painful remorse that Great is currently dealing with over the referendum. bravely sat herself in front of a plain backdrop while sad piano music plays in order to remind you of the gravity of this situation. The video was produced by the for a channel called for For some unlisted on so you can only find it if you have the link handy. ranked this one second because and it seems like it will appeal to the Guardian audience. I pander so willingly and with such enthusiasm that I really should have been a politician. Or a Hey New Vote Twitter At the gold and I mean that thing was always yammering about. got doing a accent and wearing a very unflattering puffy vest. some solid trolling of the New It moves briskly and it made me genuinely laugh more than once. One of greatest crimes is not utilizing comic chops more frequently. I chuckled many times at films like Pearl Reindeer The Sum of All and Batman v Dawn of but at no time were those laughs intended by the filmmakers. I beg of Make Funny what you have all been salivating over. my own personal voting since this is just a you will have to use your imagination a but I trust that you can envision this sumptuous visual spectacle in your AN WHITE ROOM Schilling sits in front of a white background. Depressing music hate to be the bearer of bad an election in 11 days. I know. been terrible. That guy from The Apprentice is running. already been caught on tape bragging about groping women against their will. suggested suspending the democratic process so that he can be awarded the presidency without a single vote being cast. also emboldened his supporters to publicly threaten an armed resistance if wins. a Lethal Weapon remake on Fox starring and some guy never heard of. This has been a horrible year for our country. so sorry that you had to live through plus endure Wolf narrating the whole thing from the Situation Room. If you want to bury yourself in five feet of sand instead of I blame you. almost over. You should call your mom. She misses 
on on via more sharing on on on on on tablets offer nurses a more efficient and reliable way of recording information than pen and psychiatrist can click into his records from anywhere in the world. long as I have my and a connection I am connected to my patients around the clock. even logged on at 35,000 he says. In the who works at and Wear foundation is confident that having a consultation with a patient via videoconferencing could become job as a psychiatrist is to see how a patient is so I necessarily even have to be in the same building as my patient to carry out a working day is being transformed by mobile technology. And he is not alone. Paramedic Mike Earl uses his to check a diagnosis or clinical guideline when he is on a 999 call. He also completes the electronic patient record with data going directly to his ambulance trust and emailed on to or other sites. no longer have responsibility for the paper record as I would have had in the quicker to type than write and The which is being rolled out to 200 ambulance clinicians across boosts patient safety. IT development project manager at South East coast ambulance foundation no longer have to keep the records in a paper folder in the back of the ambulance which somebody then spills their coffee over. We are improving the quality of patient care and I think in the long term it will save the money because we now have access to information which is all in one place which we can and Better for better for is also part of an vanguard site where paramedics carry out home visits that traditionally would have been done by The is central to this new model of Earl has secure access to the care plan and patient which he can update in real time. John clinical lead for Encompass a group of 16 practices involved in the vanguard says the scheme has reduced hospital traffic by and is now being rolled out across East has economies for the whole health system. The patient journey is also better because they can stay at have a few less home visits and it gives us more head Community nurses are also pushing back the barriers. The charity which cares for the terminally has used million from the nurse technology fund to help connect its 2,100 nurses and assistants now use mobile which improves the immediate support they can offer patients and keeps staff in touch on night shifts when they can often feel isolated. its divisional general manager for central and eastern the past they would have written something down on a piece of paper for a patient or carer. Now they have the whole world at their Keeping people out of care home staff are using a system to monitor residents in another vanguard scheme developed by the clinical commissioning group. The generates a patient score with a traffic light system alerting staff if a health has the data is fed into a system accessible to and nurses if necessary. lead and project manager are keeping people out of hospital and enabling them to stay in their home more if we keep that person out of hospital then also going to save us policy researcher at the think tank The says the adoption of mobile technology has been led by ambulance trusts and community nurses. But more hospital trusts are coming on of the issues in the past has just been the scale of the hospital systems. That is now changing and where happening often down to a clinician or other professional who has that technology enthusiasm and The number of that employ their own chief clinical information officer clinicians who lead on IT and the use of data to improve patient care illustrates just how fast that change is happening. Four years ago there were only six in the entire today there are more than 400. who chairs the national leaders network think we are on the cusp of thinking in a radically new way. If we can the we have the potential to save a fortune. But I think one of the biggest challenges is lack of another is having enough with enough time to transform services in the way that we Content on this page is paid for and produced to a brief agreed with sponsor of the Partnerships in practice hubs on the Teacher Network and Professionals Network. partner 
Trump Mark Trump said today that plan for would to world war because of the potential for conflict with military forces from In an interview focused largely on foreign the Republican presidential nominee said defeating State was a higher priority than persuading than to step playing down a goal of US policy. Trump questioned how his Democratic opponent would negotiate with president after having blamed for a downturn in US relations with the under its new bemoaned a lack of Republican unity behind his candidacy and said he would easily win the election if the party leaders supported we had party we lose this election to Trump they go to the polls in a historic presidential more than six in 10 say neither major political party represents their views any a survey has found. Dissatisfaction with both Democrats and Republicans has risen sharply since when less than half held that neither reflected their according to research by the Public Religion Research Institute former aide to Republican governor reiterated today that a email she sent saying for some traffic near the bridge in 2013 referred to a traffic not a political retaliation implied today that he would be willing to fight the sitting behind a barn. Speaking at a rally in almost precisely two weeks to the minute to when polls close there on election Trump said of a fist fight between the love The Republican nominee for president also labeled the Tough and said of beating up the things in life you could really love Fox News host and former House speaker Newt engaged in an aggressive argument tonight over lingering questions regarding treatment of women and how it might affect him in the coming presidential with accusing of bias against Trump and urging to your anger issues and spend some time working on sick and tired of people like you using language inflammatory not shouted. think that is exactly the bias that people are upset think that your defensiveness on this may speak I said if Trump is a sexual then a big story. What we saw on that tape was Trump himself saying that he likes to grab women by the genitals and kiss them against their referring to a 2005 tape that showed Trump bragging about being able to sexually assault women with impunity because of his fame. we saw ten women come forward after he actually denied doing it at a to say was he did it to he did it to he did it to We saw it with people who had worked with people from and so on and so forth. He denies it it which is his right we know what the truth point to you as a media we get to say the ten women are continued. have to cover that dismissed and decried the amount of focus paid on sexual assault are fascinated with and you care about public responded. what I get out of watching you not fascinated by but I am fascinated by protection of women and understanding what getting in the Oval retorted. not about me about the women and men of and the poll numbers show us that the women of in are very concerned about these former speaker of the House of Representatives responded by to call former president Bill a which gonna have to leave it at and you can take your anger issues and spend some time working on Mister you responded Trump campaign swiftly deeming appearance a just destroyed Shows she is totally biased against Trump not very smart. Trump has long 2016 campaign has released yet another advertisement in although no word yet whether plans on visiting the Grand Canyon state Families are complicated. I know is that my brother has done nothing for the side of his family. I wonder if we are related 2016 the author behind the has published a post in which he offers his qualified support of but vows to assist in his assassination if Trump anything that looks even slightly in a post titled Crook Versus the argues that the public conception of Trump as a are but that if they prove vows to the resistance movement and help kill it an promise to hope my fellow citizens would use their Second Amendment rights to rise up and help me kill any person who rose to the top job in this no matter who it What could be a more suitable ending to this awful campaign than a fistfight between Trump and Trump. nominee Trump implied today that he would be willing to fight sitting behind a at a rally in almost precisely two weeks to the minute to when polls close there on election Trump said of a fist fight between the love Republican nominee for president also labeled the Tough and said of beating up the things in life you could really love comments came after said of Trump on press always asks I wish I was debating I wish we were in high school and I could take him behind the gym. what I made the comments in reference to a lewd 2005 tape recording of unearthed in early where the Republican nominee bragged about being able to grab women by the genitalia without their clarified his remarks in a saying he meant I were in high school ... I want to make it clear I understand what assault is. not in high school. If I were in high The septuagenarian graduated from the Academy in in Trump says he would love to beat up Tough Read more is currently watching perform in according to the press it appears is going to concert in Per she just arrived at the Airlines Arena where she's 2016 This is literally on the US citizenship As they go to the polls in a historic presidential more than six in 10 say neither major political party represents their views any a survey has with both Democrats and Republicans has risen sharply since when less than half held that neither reflected their according to research by the Public Religion Research Institute seventh annual 2016 Values Survey was carried out throughout among a random sample of 2,010 adults in all 50 party establishments have been rattled by the outsider challenges of who was successful in winning his and who was not. In a year that seems ripe for Libertarian and Stein of the Green party are seeking to but have fallen back in the polls in recent per cent of survey respondents say neither political party reflects their opinions while disagree. Nearly eight in 10 independents and a majority of Republicans took this while less than half of Democrats agree. There was virtually no variation across class or Democratic presidential nominee and Republican standard bearer Trump continue to suffer historically low with less than half of the public viewing each candidate positively v is viewed less than the Democratic party but low rating is more consistent with the Republican own discontent with parties and candidates extends to the electoral process which Trump claims is rigged against him. Less than half the public say they have a great deal of confidence that their vote will be counted while have some confidence and have hardly any do not feel represented by Democrats or Republicans survey Read more and appear to be coming for a certain presidential views regarding women and in a new is back after rally in
On a afternoon in early Sister drove into the compound of the Catholic convent where she lived in the capital of and called out to her fellow nuns. There was no sign of the other elderly sisters who lived in the so Sister went to find Father the head of the to ask if he had seen them. He tried phoning but there was no reply. So they walked across the shady compound to the where they found the curtains and called but there was no answer. The priest was about to force open the but Sister walked around to a side which was unlocked. Inside she found a horrific scene. Sister was lying dead in her blood pooling around her head. In the bedroom next door lay the body of Sister Both women had been and their throats would have celebrated her 76th birthday the next day. Sister was 82. these three elderly friends had worked for almost 50 years in South an eastern province of the Democratic Republic of that was at the of a series of conflicts sometimes known collectively as the Great the deadliest in the modern history. When the three sisters finally left South for they were looking forward to a more peaceful retirement called the local and his superiors in Lorries and pickup trucks arrived disgorging police and and security forces circled the compound. At around the congregation poured out of mass in their brightly straight into a crime scene. A papal official stood over the bodies and wept. Outside the young women the sisters had taught to sew wailed with grief. When noises woke Sister in the she phoned Father think the killer is still she who remained collected accompanied the bodies to the and then returned to the convent. Father wanted to find somewhere else for sister and the other nuns to sleep. But the sisters insisted they wanted to stay and sleep at the convent. As night heavily armed police patrolled the noises woke Sister during the she telephoned Father who was still writing down an account of the previous day. think the killer is still sister told him in a shaky priest hurried to the but he was too late. Sister was already dead. In an act of violence unimaginable to those who knew the small and wiry the killer had cut off her next shocked and angry locals closed their businesses and gathered outside the convent to protest against the murders. People claimed the killers were being protected by the police. Some protesters saw the notorious head of the state intelligence General enter the convent. Some time Father emerged from the gates and appealed to the protesters to disperse peacefully. Three weeks a leaflet was found at the convent urging the mission not to pursue an investigation into the murders at the convent horrified not just because of their brutality but because they took place almost a decade after the end of the civil in which 300,000 were slaughtered and 1.2 million a fifth of the population fled their homes. In the wake of that which divided the nation along ethnic between and vowed that their country would never again experience such brutal missions to countries riven by civil strife are liable to get caught up in toxic politics. The powerful Catholic church in which represents of has come under suspicion for providing aid to militant groups during the civil war. But it has also regularly government and paid a price for it. In during the civil when the majority rose up against the abusive gunmen executed two priests and a lay preacher suspected of supporting the rebels. A year a moderate archbishop was murdered by gunmen. More than 10 Catholic clerics were assassinated in in the first three years of the civil war. When church leaders have denounced the violence of the warring political leaders have often seen them as a threat and done whatever was necessary to silence murders at the convent followed a ripple of unrest across the region. In the United Nations envoy to had cabled headquarters in New with a warning that the ruling party was distributing weapons and uniforms to its youth wing. In some particularly outside the the group acts collusion with local authorities and with total It acts like a over and above the the and the the cable said. The group was described as of the major threats to peace in and to the credibility of the 2015 elections as they are responsible for most politically motivated violence against The government of issued a rebuttal to the vehemently denying that it had been arming or training the youth known as the the cable was received with alarm. The nuns and who were murdered in a convent in the capital of few weeks after the most prominent human rights Claver told listeners of the popular radio station Radio that arms and uniforms were being given out to hundreds of young who had gone for military training in the Democratic Republic of described photographs he had seen of young fighters training in the and accounts he had heard from witnesses and former soldiers. During the civil own a had been hacked to death by youths armed with machetes. A decade he pledged to do what he could to stop what appeared to be the preparation of a new youth militia. my it is always the youths that do the killing. Everywhere in the the youth that are used for told me earlier this the hot and humid city of on the shore of Lake the poor live in dusty and grid clustered around the and to the north. These poor particularly where the convent had been fertile recruiting grounds for rebel groups looking for young men during the war. Once it seemed the youth were being prepared to were afraid of what the training of this new secret youth army might mean. In a bid to end the civil a peace deal had been tabled in 1998 by president of Talks had continued under Nelson and his An agreement was eventually signed in which laid out rules for equal representation of and and said that no president could serve more than two terms. A ceasefire finally became law in 2005. As the 2015 elections critics were afraid that the former rebel leader would try to hold on to power. Government forces and their opponents were preparing to face off in a new round of violence and intimidation. The supporters insisted his rule brought peace to the and regeneration to the rural economy he is passionate about growing avocados. His office maintained that a third term in office would be as the first term result of an election by not the did not is a tall and powerful with a gentle manner and an determination. Only the dusting of stubble on his head gives away his age. At 71 in a country where life expectancy for men is 58 he is considered one of the grandfathers of postwar celebrated for his tireless work in exposing attacks on human rights opposition politicians and enforced illegal detention and torture. His work has earned him a loyal support base. In this Human Rights Watch his work with the Forges given to leading campaigners for describing him as man of extraordinary courage who has defied repeated threats to defend victims of spent two years in prison during the war. Between 1994 and he was an inmate at the vast and overcrowded accused of a crime he did not commit. he was beaten and he witnessed young boys locked up and abused by women raped by guards and children born as a result. He emerged determined to reform the prison and justice systems in Soon after his he founded the Association for the Protection of Human Rights and Detained now the most prominent human rights group in the country. He has secured the release of thousands of young who have been wrongfully day after radio police called him in for questioning. They summoned him repeatedly over the next each time demanding that he reveal his sources but each he refused. At midnight on 15 when he arrived at the airport for a flight to a number of police officers were waiting for him. He had just enough time to call his wife before the police bundled him into a waiting car. At the end of the following was indicted for the internal and external security of the based on his comments in the and jailed once was arrested in May four months before the nuns were a weekly protest known as began in with wearing the of prison to show solidarity with Activists around the world joined tweeting photographs of themselves wearing green. His popular following infuriated the and radio stations were banned from reporting on the training and arming of had a surprising commander of the ruling military General was hated and feared by those outside his but revered by his own men. At he looked young for his sporting a and wearing a heavy gold chain. A photograph popular with his followers shows him in a white baseball cap embellished with a gold the symbol of the the rebel group that now runs full name translates from the as The National Council for the of Democracy Forces for the of Democracy. The is just in case people need convincing their country is a general owned a bar in called meaning home of the just a few blocks away from the convent where the nuns were killed. A grandiose stone eagle marks the entrance. on a high a nervous monkey twitches in a cage. supporters and civil servants sit behind huge bottles of the local and talk politics while nearby a crocodile basks in a dirty pond. home of the is to double as a torture chamber for dissidents one of many said to be hidden across the as he was generally was an educated a former colleague but he was a gifted a man of the people. Generous and he would stay up buying rounds of drinks until he was the last man standing. The were largely made up of former rebels from the civil war and the general was like a father to them. During the civil he was a hero on the streets of the bastion of the rebellion. Twitter Claver in in 2015. the forged ties with a violent rebel group in the formed by the remnants of The reports that he used these ties to carry out gold smuggling from mines. By people said that it was not President but his loyal and trusted who held the levers of power. According to the former vice who fled in every decision in government first went past the general. After the peace agreement limited the term of it was that was training a private army to keep the and in a human rights work involved challenging the brutality of secret police but the two men had a shared history. was among the civilians who had supported the armed rebel movement during the providing a place to and General was indebted to him for this. own son was a rebel recruit. When spoke out against the training of the he threw himself into direct conflict with the but he was confident that the esteem would protect him. had once told his son that if anyone killed the general would avenge him with his own hand a vow that gave courage to continue with his campaigning when found out that the three nuns had been butchered with machetes in the trademark manner of intelligence the two men were once again set on a collision course one that would threaten both their 9 two days after the the police arrested a local man named and charged him with the murder. Police told journalists that it was a revenge the church had stolen family land decades and bitterness at this injustice had driven to rape and murder the nuns. Land disputes are common in a tiny country with a barely functioning judicial system and one of the populations in the world and are commonly resolved with violence. But said nothing as police paraded handcuffed and dressed in ripped sports before the press. He showed no sign of remorse. he showed no sign of any emotion at all. Residents of as one of the mentally ill people who lived on the surviving on scraps and charity they doubted he possessed the physical or mental never mind the to carry out a series of brutal his prison watched this farce unfold. It was clear to him that was not the killer. The following a court freed after four months in on medical grounds he is diabetic but he remained under judicial supervision. A crowd gathered outside the singing and dancing in celebration. Twitter after he was the murder of the three nuns. the authorities fail to deliver told it falls to journalists and human rights campaigners to discover the truth. To find out who was behind the murder of the three approached one of leading investigative Bob the head of Radio The which broadcasts under the slogan Voice of the was set up in 2001 with money from the US ambassador to the was on the board. goal was to heal the ethnic divisions of the civil war by getting and to share airtime. There were one or two presenters who had managed to get members of militant groups to confess to killings on air and express their remorse. A public confession could lay the foundations for energetic joined while he was at law and had become editor in 2010. His career has been split between revealing corruption and living with the which have included death threats and periods spent in was in he had learned that as many as 1,800 members of the had returned from the and spread out across the ramping up their campaign of violence. On General the young fighters beat up suspected opposition disrupted and spread fear through the found a source close to the investigation who had been assigned to the murder case whose identity remains protected. The source reported that police officers guarding the compound had allegedly confessed to while four men had carried out the killings. They all claimed to be acting on the direct orders of officers loyal to police made a number of arrests based on these statements but a few days intervened. He ordered the and the investigation into the murder went no at a secret Bob was introduced to a former intelligence agent known as or Over a number of meetings in darkened parked cars and private won the trust of who eventually confessed to taking part in the even agreed to let record his on the condition that it could not be broadcast until he had fled the country. spoke into and confessed that he and three others had killed the on the orders of General to the nuns had seen the training near their former mission in the When had heard on the radio saying that the youth militia was being and the general was convinced that the nuns had been secret source. After worried that the nuns would speak out in order to secure his release and he knew enough about the courage of these elderly missionaries to understand that unlike many would be unafraid to testify against nuns had some additional inconvenient said. The former parish leader had been a legend among for surviving the 1995 massacre of Catholic and a close ally of The general had used the health clinic to stock a private hospital he owned in the to avoid paying import tax on drugs. In the parish priest became seriously ill and left for treatment in When the nuns and father found out about the abuse of church they were determined to put a stop to it. mission did not wish to comment on these month after he won the trust of one alleged was introduced to in a bar. who grew up in was a rebel during the war and later became an intelligence agent working for recorded his statement at the and stated on the record that the nuns had been silenced to prevent them revealing the existence of an armed militia being trained by to keep the president in power. Twitter President attends independence anniversary celebrations in 2015. the country came to a standstill at every day for a week as Bob broadcast confession in a series of daily on The streets fell silent as taxi traffic and street vendors gathered around radios to listen to the shocking admission of had planned to broadcast his interviews with as corroboration but before he could do was arrested on 20 Two days although he had not been he was transferred to an isolation cell and denied visitors. The arrest outraged human rights groups. addressed journalists outside his can imprison they can kill but they shut us he said. informed that security forces now had orders to kill began sleeping in a different safe house every took to the streets again in protest. the confessed sent a message of solidarity from his hiding place in exile. A month a court freed on and thousands lined the streets in broadcast confession in full on 30 March 2015. In the voice was quiet he sounded nervous but his account was detailed and damning. He had heard from his recruiting officer that was concerned that news of the training in would spread. The Catholic order to which the nuns the Missionary Sisters of also ran a clinic in South close to where the were training. The soldiers had been getting treatment at the and the who frequently between and the eastern were aware of this. main concern was to stop them interview with was even more explosive than initial confession since it corroborated the first and pinned responsibility directly on began sleeping in a different safe house every night by reliable that security forces now had orders to kill him on sight. Twitter Bob one of the leading investigative journalists in the weeks following as fears of a return to civil war more than 10,000 fled to a number that has since risen to around 296,000. There were reports of opponents being intimidated or dragged out of their houses and 25 the ruling party announced that its candidate would be the incumbent For the third time in 12 thousands of men and women took to the but this time they faced loaded guns. On the first day of the street police shot dead at least one civilian. Armed men forced entry into building and shut down all broadcasts. Observers watched with mixed feelings as and united on the streets in of their peace agreement. A week fled into in fear of his President flew to to discuss the crisis with regional leaders on 13 news of a coup led by a senior general was broadcast on independent radio stations. The president was unable to return to the country after rebel soldiers took control of airport. General remained in standing by to launch a against the coup security forces attacked media throwing grenades at the headquarters of the Renaissance station. Flames licked the facade of the building. Journalists who had stored sensitive evidence at the radio believing it to be the safest watched helplessly as years of their work went up in smoke. After there was fighting in the and bomb blasts shook the buildings. The next dead soldiers lay in the streets. No one knew who was in that news trickled out that the coup had failed. The government branded the plotters as and launched a violent indeed anyone who might be perceived as dug in. have no he told me in his office on 15 2015. In the previous six 94,000 people had fled. men and women waited outside his either to report a crime or beg for news of a lost loved one. had documented 77 dead figure that would later rise to more than and 300 but hundreds more mainly young men had after had broadcast the testimony of the alleged second at the end of was arrested. As police drove followed in his in a dogged attempt to show they could not kill nor force him into changing his story about the surprised no one by winning the presidential election on 21 But his victory was far from peaceful. That blasts and gunfire resounded through the than two weeks early on a General was driving through accompanied by his when four men in fatigues ambushed their black The gunmen launched two rockets at the fired automatic weapons and lobbed in a grenade to ensure there were no survivors. Neither the rebels nor the ruling party claimed responsibility for killing although it was that his position as the head of the militia made him a threat to its political leaders. One former ruling party politician in exile in had raised an and they became more important than the more important than the army the was in the assisting Union observers in their investigation of the illegal distribution of arms in He remained at although he knew that with he had now lost his protector. Twitter The funeral for General the head of secret who was assassinated less than two weeks after the of President day after at 5.30 in the said farewell to the delegation and got into his car. The driver took the road north through the city towards his home. At two men on a motorbike pulled up alongside and the passenger fired four times at his head. He lost consciousness for a few minutes. When he came he gave clear instructions to his who was me home. I want to die with my family around When they got to his his wife took one look at him and told the him to raced to the in Doctors and after a week he was flown to and was admitted to University Hospital. For four his head was clamped in a metal and was fed by an intravenous the attackers were not done with His daughter was forced to leave after getting death threats. In late her husband was murdered by men on motorbikes as he arrived at the gate of his home in 6 police in were searching the of the city looking for when they tracked down Seeing the he tried to run but they caught him. Hours found his body. He had been shot in the head and unable to attend his young sent a note from his hospital bed for a colleague to read out after the burial. not lose the note said. tragedies we face will end with a resolution of the conflict I maintain hope that it will come Sitting in a temporary office on a day in on 10 May this recalling how he missed his 9 after four months in a head was sent for a scan by his doctor. he took a seat in the office. The doctor looked at for minutes without saying a then called in his colleagues. Six of them latest and were amazed at his they removed the the doctor what angel is it that walks with Even if we believe in we have to believe in something because have an angel that guides you every Hours walked out of the hospital with his weighing just but determined as March the government alleged that a member of the opposition had ordered the assassinations to tarnish the reputation. Young rebels who trained in carried out the a government spokesperson said. was no trained in South So there was no need to cover the spokesperson adding that a devout could not have been behind the assassination of members of a religious order. The spokesman blamed the crisis on the meddling of in and on the international for fanning the this the international criminal court in the announced that it would conduct a preliminary investigation into the violence that accompanied the of President in 2015. But the government of responded in by announcing that it would simply withdraw itself from the jurisdiction we can really be in the words of one of two Other members of the have also claiming the unfairly targets day I feel I will return to my told me in March this year. Last the government revoked the of human rights claiming it was responsible for the state. For he remains in Follow the Long Read on Twitter at or sign up to the long read weekly email long 
As an asylum seeker I can work but not open a bank am a asylum seeker. I have received a permit to work but open a bank account because banks require my passport which is with the Home Office. What can I In banks should accept your IND Application Registration Card issued by the Home along with proof of and confirmation of asylum support allowance or other income. In bank staff are wary of paperwork out of the asylum seekers are not normally allowed to the Refugee Council says that your plight is common. Banks frequently refuse to accept biometric resident permits as even though the Home Office declares them valid proof. Proof of address is difficult if you are in Home Office accommodation with all bills Banking Association says banks accept a range of documents at their discretion. industry is keen to help refugees who have been offered while balancing the need to protect the financial system by undertaking thorough checks before opening says a spokesperson. are working closely with various government agencies to establish how the process for refugees can be further you need help email at or write to Your The Kings 90 Include an address and phone and building problems with 
After a morning of statements and Twitter J. Trump met with Times journalists and our publisher at our Midtown headquarters. We his comments. He retreated from a vow to pull out of the climate accord and said that he to white supremacists. Trump also suggested his could help broker peace between and He confirmed that he was dropping his threat of further investigations into private email server and family foundation. Questions about continuing business dealings include whether operations involving the Bank of China and other companies controlled by foreign governments could test a constitutional limit. Our financial columnist says that because of gains in the global economic Trump has little chance of winning a possible trade war. Some accounts have portrayed the as urging the politician to oppose the kind of offshore wind farms that Trump believes will mar the view from one of his golf courses. has devised software to suppress posts in an effort to gain access to the 1.4 billion people in where it is blocked. The government there has strict rules around censorship of user content. The social network would offer the tool to a third party in this most likely a partner company to monitor popular stories and said three current and former employees. The feature has so far gone unused. The main opposition party in South said the Park would be remembered as for making an pact with Japan. Her political who already want to impeach Ms. Park over a corruption had insisted she cancel negotiations with which formerly ruled as a colony. The military campaign to oust the State from is in its sixth week. Our photographer and reporter covering the battle focus on an intensifying humanitarian the thousands of residents trying to flee. Stories of anguish like one from a man searching for his parents are common. have not heard from he told our reporter. am always Hong will get a billion upgrade to fight slumping attendance driven by a sharp decline in tourism from mainland China. The Hong which owns 53 percent of the will split the cost accordingly. is stepping up competition with Amazon and in cloud announcing that it will open data centers in and by the end of 2016. There is a sense of relief in Japan after a powerful earthquake tested the safety of a nuclear power plant. The quake hit near the site of the 2011 nuclear disaster. This the and power stations responded well. the has removed an executive from China after he was accused of making bigoted insults against people in a parking lot dispute. The outburst set off an outcry on the social network Wall Street rose to record highs before and oil was down as mulled. a snapshot of global markets. At least 6,461 people were killed or wounded last year by land mines and other unexploded a huge increase from according to a new report. The most active land mine producers are and South New Global warming is altering the ecology of the Arctic on a vast scale. Two sets of scientists have found a huge increase in the amount of algae which is likely to have a profound impact on the food chain. New developers are flooding the property market around with a glut of new notably a billion island city built to house 700,000 people. The leader of is borrowing from appearing on a reality show. trying to win over the rest of New Turkey fired another 15,000 public including teachers and police and shut down nine more news over what the authorities said were links to a failed coup or terrorists. New More cases are being reported in but scientists say the long experience with diseases may help its response. New The role of women in history will be highlighted in a series of virtual exhibitions. and Bill and Gates were among the 21 who received the Presidential Medal of Freedom today. A deaf teenager from South is set to reach the highest echelons of a sport in which hearing the ball is hugely important. Our daily 360 so much to do along the and if the oil line goes through and going to be no more of said a man who grew up on the Standing Rock Reservation. A handwritten poem scrawled by Frank in a notebook is up for sale in the today. based in expects to sell the rare item for between 30,000 and 50,000 penned the short poem in a notebook belonging to her friend van older The work is dated March just a few months before and her family went into hiding from the in All but her father eventually died in the Holocaust. Only a few of her writings aside from the diary she kept while in hiding have emerged. This a museum bought a copy of fairy tales in which she had inscribed her and her names. In another short piece of verse written in a notebook went on sale at The opening features traditional lines of and can be traced to a Dutch periodical. The closing which the auction house has not may be own. others have reproached what you have done the poem be sure to amend your is the best answer one can
has the way the revealed a new investigation of emails possibly linked to private a move that has rocked the US presidential election in its final polls show the race between and Republican candidate Trump tightening since director bombshell announcement last One even gave Trump a though the Democrat remains the clear helps Trump in polls but will it affect election Read his first public comments on the controversial told the outlet do think that there is a norm that when there are we operate on innuendo. We operate on incomplete information. We operate on leaks. We operate based on concrete decisions that are this was investigated thoroughly the last the conclusion of the the conclusion of the justice the conclusion of repeated congressional investigations was that she had made some mistakes but that there anything there that was said it was unclear whether the emails reportedly found on the laptop of aide estranged husband are significant. His letter to Congress triggered a fierce backlash from Democrats and even some said made an by using a private email server as his secretary of something that was now blown up into just some crazy New voters hear that and wonder whether they should be worried about he but he said he had absolute confidence in reached a new frenzy on with less than a week until election day and early voting far in excess of the same stage in 2012. Trump was due to hold three rallies in the biggest while was in and traditionally a Republican bastion. Other surrogates of both candidates were spread through the battleground states that will determine who wins the White in Trump repeated familiar attacks on the this time singling out reporter of naming her four times. people are among the most dishonest people ever spoken done business the celebrity businessman said. has never been anywhere near the media dishonesty like seen in this Twitter women stand divided over Trump and on eve of wearing a white great baseball cap and standing in front of a giant US cited a New Post column that described the election as low watermark of He complained have a great give it out to the make it look as bad as also mocked the New Times for a drop in its earnings and insisted that his campaign was surging but not getting the coverage it deserves. have massive crowds. something to he not reporting it. not reporting but something something has picked on before. Last he branded her described her as a and said she should be the crowd turned on according to Holly national correspondent of She calls out from the stage in the middle of a riff bashing media and now this guy behind me is just endlessly taunting her your job Report the truth Report what he says journalists expressed support for of the Post And totally unacceptable for someone simply doing her the rally Trump also made reference to two police officers ambushed and killed hours earlier. attack on our police is an attack on all of he said. enforcement is the line separating from total chaos. You have to remember more broadly about violence against he it is is a lack of respect for our nation. a lack of respect for our leadership. To all the great men and women of law I want you with we support you and we will stand by you. going to restore order and justice in crowd campaign a rally with candidate and former president Bill in the wake of the was introduced by chair of the Republican National who has stuck by the party nominee as others have fallen away. know Trump is not politically he said. look at who lies with incredible grace and skill. She lies over and over and over over and over week ago was cruising to victory. That still seems the most likely especially given the mathematics of the electoral college. But announcement panicked some Democrats and gave Republicans renewed momentum. On a poll showed Trump at and at On a survey put at and Trump at among likely voters in while was four points up in Twitter How does the US electoral college a worrying sign for early voting turnout for voters in swing states has fallen from 2012. In North black turnout is down from this point in while white turnout is up In black share of the early voting turnout is 10 points lower than it was in said in an interview on the Tom Morning which is aimed at going to be honest with you right now. The vote is up. The overall vote is up. But the right is not as solid as it needs to has been more active on the trail that previous sitting presidents in a bid to protect his legacy. In on he went further than before in tackling the question of whether is facing discrimination from some reluctant men. He said there was a reason why there has never been a female president in we have to ask as because I hope my daughters are going to be able to be achieve anything they want to said. I know that my wife is not just my equal but my superior. And I want us I want every man out there voting to kind of look inside yourself and ask if having problems with this how much of it is that just not used to that you when a ambitious and out in the public arena and working But when a woman suddenly does the why is she doing just being honest. I want you to think about it because she is so much better qualified than the other guy. She has conducted herself so much better in public life than the other guy. Somehow this is hard to It is now all hands on deck for both candidates. will make her first solo appearance of the election in the suburbs on The campaign said she will talk about the of strong and committed first she would be. It will be her first address since the Republican national convention in where she delivered a speech was partially from first lady elections 
Concern has been expressed within ruling body about the process by which John regained a after claiming to have stopped two horses in The revelation came on the final day of a rehearing of the Best case in which the trainer is accused of telling John to stop the a charge he Authority insist no deal was done with John in exchange for his willingness to give evidence against Best. But John has already been granted an the punishment for his part in the alleged having been limited to a period during which he was not allowed to apply for a The jockey was never formally banned from the sport or excluded from Best lawyers flounder over betting claims Read emerged here when John applied for his this his case was not even referred to the licensing committee. It is policy to limit the work and case took a different track when the licensing team decided the ruling body would not oppose granting John a prompted a concerned email from the licensing committee which was read out before this disciplinary panel. was John not referred to asked. only reason I can even think of is until the Best case has been the did not want John going before the licensing committee or any of its other independent of my committee made the am sure nothing untoward has happened but it just a little bit of a done deal in a way that a decision by us panel also heard about an email from the head of to who served as the integrity director until asking for an update in relation to situation. John is getting more difficult to keep on to explain the said John had been concerned about when he was going to receive his and also about repercussions for him giving said there was quite shocking lack of available from the in relation to their early dealings with John. In he there was no paper record of a meeting on 21 between the solicitor and the despite my have refused to put up a witness to deal with this critical complained in his written submissions. Of that unexplained he what was we will never know and the are not prepared to allow me to ask any witness about these discussions. not that the witness is he be put by the panel who that said he had been asking the to produce for questioning. The panel said it had no power to compel a panel expects to deliver its verdict on Best at some point next week and will presumably express a view in its reasons about whether the dealings between John and the undermined the force of the evidence to any extent. However the panel did express the firm view that a email of 31 addressed to should have been disclosed to the long before the original the the disclosed the email midway through that first hearing in after solicitor had said it should be disclosed. asserted here that the original panel had been misled by the initial although he conceded that had been is the only witness against Best and the credibility has been a live issue throughout this hearing. described him as young man who lies and makes things and said the documents disclosed by the showed he had not been interviewed by the before the regulator decided to issue charges against Best. At that officials were relying on representatives for a description of what evidence he could was a fundamental error that nobody at the appears to have even turned their mind that they made absolutely no effort to assess his credibility before issuing stopping behalf of the account is credible notwithstanding the attack on his he is a credible witness Being resistant to authority and posting offensive matters on does not support a tendency to persistent the panel heard evidence from a final who was head lad at the time of the races but has since left the sport. said he had found John hard to work with and said the jockey lied about how often he exercised and how often he liked to said after giving evidence to the first he had been threatened near the yard by two men he knew by sight but did not identify here. of them grabbed my collar and your you or you sure that asked him. replied. have been scared to walk down the shop accused the of having his career in the as he was told in that his apprentice would not be renewed until after the Best hearing. While the regulator had eventually backed down from that said he met with after and had never managed to recover his officials say they are waiting for response to 
Most professionals are not getting a good return on their investment of time and money when attending networking is because people have entirely different objectives when it comes to networking. Most events are mixing bowls for professionals who are there for different whether it be signing up a new meeting prospective creating awareness for their or connecting with someone in the hopes of developing a mutually beneficial of your networking your level of success will be tied directly to your ability to interact with other professionals who have similar have very little control when we attend networking events by others. We usually know who will be there and when we we be certain connect with the people who would be most useful for us to meet. This leads to results that are unpredictable at Perhaps you're doing it wrong Read on activities where you have more control over the various inputs will almost always yield a better and more predictable return on investment. Hosting your own events is a great way to deepen your existing while also providing an opportunity to make and develop new are a few alternatives to consider in place of the next networking event you were planning to have hosted a few hundred where I provide a forum for six to 12 members of my network to meet and exchange key to hosting a successful lunch lies in the selection of the restaurant and the attendees. want to select a restaurant that can accommodate paying separately and has a private dining room. allows you to search for private rooms in your When inviting focus on professionals who have similar roles and are in complementary the make sure everyone has an opportunity to introduce their current areas of focus and anything they could use help a each of your guests will leave with new connections and a desire to help you for making this started hosting dinners in 2013 to connect successful entrepreneurs in his puts a lot of emphasis on selecting the right attendees for each event and offers great advice in his Mastermind it all to your business contacts Read ensures there is at least one commonality among all guests and avoids inviting people at opposite ends of experience invite someone who recently started their first venture to join a group of running He also identifies something at least two of his guests have in common not particularly common and will arrange seating to increase the likelihood of it coming up over the course of the was so effective at creating value for people in his that this became his work. He now runs the a conference for tasting you have a business with existing client hosting client appreciation events is one of the best ways to meet ideal prospective clients. A few years I started hosting wine tasting events on a quarterly basis. I wanted to do something for my existing clients that I knew they would enjoy. I asked my clients strategic to bring someone they thought would be good for me to meet. I assured them there would be no sales you have to sell because your clients will do the selling for became commonplace for at least of the to reach out to me after the event to learn more about my firm and how I could help if you end up with a single new your existing clients will have had a nice night met some cool new and shared the experience with the person they invited all thanks to existing of going to networking events with the intention of meeting new consider checking in with some of your existing connections. Have you properly followed up with the promising contacts you have made over the past year five Have you maintained your relationships with strategic partners and of I regularly email members of my network to ask them about the number one challenge or what focused on achieving right now. Their responses will put you in a position to be a great resource for and when you can you will often be creating an opportunity for someone else in your network. Whatever you avoid can I This vague question puts pressure on the recipient to figure out what you can do to help which usually leads to them not responding to your ... networking can happen at any time of the and in some you even have to leave your house. My definition of networking is activity that increases the value of your network the value you contribute to Proper networking is about building new relationships and deepening your existing ones. You have to follow traditional or even go to to successfully build and maintain a valuable network. Sign up to become a member of the Guardian Small Business Network here for more insight and best practice direct to your Small Business for 
A mining company paid its workers to attend a protest against state water licensing directing farmers on its staff to don checked shirts and to illustrate the spread of community support for the Hope Group ran its New coal operation with a skeleton crew while transporting the rest of its rostered workforce by bus to the rally outside parliament in on 1 efforts have been in with government legislation passed on opening up a future water for its contentious Darling Downs mine expansion to public submissions and legal mine protected from legal challenges under water changes Read with the support of independent voted down amendments sought by the Liberal National opposition to shield New from a court challenge to its internal company email seen by Guardian shows how the company its workforce to gather maximum protest numbers in a bid to drive home its message to the government that future legal challenges could 700 jobs at the email from the New Hope Group managing included specific instructions about what to wear to the you are a farmer please wear your check shirt and everyone else is asked to wear their hi vis wrote. The impact of New proposed expansion on prime farming land and groundwater is a major point of contention in a current land court challenge brought by a group of local feature prominently among that the Coal Action told Guardian that New Hope had a large group of farmers about 45 that supplement their farm income with their wages form working at the think important that the public understand that not all farmers and landholders around the mine are opposed to the which is sometimes a line pushed by the he Hope decided to keep on a skeleton crew to maintain at the mine on protest day while arranging buses from three locations to take staff and their families to said in the other rostered employees afternoon and night will be expected to attend the activity in as a rostered day if you are rostered to be at work are NOT part of the skeleton we will pay you to attend lawyers stress water risk in final arguments Read not rostered to work will be asked to show their support by released a protest song to the tune of Bob in the included the are the green voices worth more than mine than my my and my Oh and why should some city slickers ever have the of ruining the future of us was spared the prospect of facing future legal challenges to water for its mine after the government passed amendments exempting projects that have already received a land court in the land court challenge to New environmental and mine are complete but the member is yet to hand down a in a statement on said the laws were likely to destroy the livelihoods of hundreds of people by opening up more hurdles for was without doubt the most mine in company now expected another 12 delay in gaining he said. complained that the company had presented the impacts of this legislation to minister Miles. Either he listening or he just Hope Group lodged the original application for stage three in 2007 and has been battling green ever said New Hope supported the objectives of the laws but did not want to studies if underground water for in the land court case have argued that New of groundwater impacts at the New mine is so unreliable that it should recommend refusal of environment and mining The case has also seen the own expert revising job creation figures down from 2,953 a year to 680 net jobs for also question the public benefit of a project that would see an estimated royalties would flow back to the company and a handful of property not to the because of a legal of why mining boom will leave permanent scars Read the email to credited the of submissions from supporters of highlighting the impact that this legislation could have on their for prompting a parliamentary committee to direct Miles to report back on the impact on short term voice is being heard and we need to ensure that all of our voices continue to be heard loud and order to assist minister Miles and the premier to understand the immediate impact that this legislation presents to and therefore all of us we are seeking as many employees and supporters as possible to join us at parliament house on 1 the the company gave its workers a barbecue lunch in the Botanic 
It is one of the most astonishing victories in political history. It will leave millions in the US and beyond in wondering what is to and how did Trump do was the first reality star and the first since to win the nomination for president of a major political party. He was the first to spend part of his campaign denying sexual assault allegations and clashing with the family of a fallen soldier and a Miss Universe. At he is the oldest person in history to be elected US simple copied and recast promise to make great again. In four words it captured both pessimism and both fear and hope. The slogan harks back to a supposed golden age of greatness the or the and implies that it has been lost but then promises to restore it. It went straight to the unlike rival website manifesto and more nuanced was an appeal to the not the in a country where patriotism should never be a host on said in lot of this support for with all his flaws which he displays is about the country patriotic feelings people they feel like the country has been let down. Our elite leaders on issues like they regulate any immigration it seems. They regulate trade to our to the working man or working advantage. They take us into stupid wars. Their kids fight but our kids Trump wins presidential plunging US into uncertain future Read patriotic. They believe in their country. .... is deep sense that the country is being taken away and betrayed. I think that is so deep with people that looking at a guy flawed as hell like Trump and at least a way of saying I am really angry about the way the elite has treated my country. And so deep that it overwhelms all the bad stuff from Trump. that strong. a strong force 2003 Trump became the host of the reality show The in which hopefuls competed for a chance to work for his For a decade millions of viewers were fed the idea of Trump as a successful a boss with the power to biographer gave him 10 years of being in front of the public being the being hiring famously firing being the guy who can fix the one who knows being the big authoritarian patriarchal lost the the trust and a weak message Read think that has imprinted on a lot of that they that that makes him That combined with the reality phenomenon in which it became acceptable to have something that really true. It a kind of a thing and shifted our idea of an acceptable version of the media Trump had accumulated not only financial capital but celebrity capital. On 8 he cashed in. Twitter victory speech in full he faced a candidate whose unpopularity rating was surpassed only by his own. As the wife of a former president running to succeed a she was the ultimate face of the establishment in a year that was all about change. The lack of enthusiasm compared to rise in 2008 was unique vulnerability was exposed when she struggled to beat Senator a socialist from in the Democratic primary. main theme was a rigged economy. In regions of and wage Trump rode the same and who perceived themselves to be caught in an economic downdraft their children would be worse off than they were wanted a simple fix and Trump seemed to provide it. As witnessed by the rise of other populists around the there were global forces at work that not even and the Democrats could long political career also came with most notably the investigation into her use of private email server when she was secretary of state. She was judged to have been and the issue flared up again in late when the said it uncovered a new batch of emails. The whiff of scandal persisted despite his decision to clear her again just over a week later. Historians are likely to debate how crucial director intervention was in tilting the race when set against her own failings as a politician. Twitter Bizarre road to the campaign in three Republican seemingly declared war on his own party. During and after a traumatic primary he attacked the Bush House speaker former nominees Mitt and John and many more. It was anything but a united front and it would normally have cost him in terms of a lack of or financial many Trump voters relished his attacks on the party establishment. They complained the the members of Congress they elected made promises they fail to keep. They noticed the years of deadlock and government shutdown and thirsted for change. So when and company condemned it actually worked to his advantage as a rallying point for his supporters. He ripped up the rule book as the maverick outsider set to march on at the the Republican national committee never lost faith in him. Chair was quick to declare Trump the nominee and twist and turn and excuse his every Chief strategist and communications director aggressively pushed the Trump cause. even as pieces of debris flew off in every the party machinery kept working to deliver the of and vindication for property demagogue and now president Read the demographics were against him. When was first elected in of the total voter turnout was white. By this had fallen to and in it was expected to dip to After defeat four years a Republican autopsy report urged the party to reach out to women and minorities to Trump did the exact other pressures were at work. The Democrats had held the White House for eight years. would have been the first candidate since Bush in 1988 to extend one hold for a third term. Even high approval rating evidently did not dim the appetite for his direct mastermind of election wrote in the New Times last presidential elections are shaped by perceptions of the style and personality of the outgoing incumbent. Voters rarely seek the replica of what they have. They almost always seek the the candidate who has the personal qualities the public finds lacking in the departing Republicans view dimly the very qualities that played so well for in 2008. Deliberation is seen as patience as weakness. His call for tolerance and passionate embrace of growing diversity inflame many in the Republican who view with suspicion and anger the rapidly changing demographics of The emphasis on diplomacy is viewed as who among the Republicans is more the antithesis of than the racism and was wildly There was outrageous and offensive statements that alienated disabled people believers in constitutional democracy. In any normal such a volatile package would have been disqualifying. But while those voices were amplified in the there were plenty of people who agreed with him. Some could not stomach the idea of a female president. Some proved that racism has not withered but rather in some cases has since the election of the first majority of white including three in four of white evangelical Protestants said society has changed for the worse since the in a recent survey by the Public Religion Research was the ultimate protest vote with obvious echoes of told Meet the Press in the across the I understand why a lot of people are angry. And they see Trump as their human cocktail that they get to go into the voting booth on 8 and throw him into our political system. I think they love the idea of blowing up the elections 
W. had a mission for his trusted chief of Randy M. Get out of Fisher Hall in Center. It was and the leader of the Liberation had turned up with an entourage for a peace concert celebrating the 50th anniversary of the United Nations. So had a thousand other leaders and officials from around the world. But a Republican then in the second year of his eight as mayor of New had decided that whom he deemed a would not be welcome. delivered the message to and at some the group departed. now in private legal has not lost his ability to take on seemingly impossible assignments over the He led an investigation in 2014 he exonerated Gov. of any involvement in the Bridge traffic as the report on the matter was among the labors for which the taxpayers of New Jersey paid firm million. So The final movement of that 1995 evening was not to but a headline in The New Post about how had told off left elected office at the end of 2001 he sought a extension of his term on the grounds that the city needed him as mayor to oversee the recovery from the Sept. 11 attacks then ran in the 2008 Republican presidential primaries. He took home a single delegate. Over the last year he found in the candidacy of J. a just the right dose of smelling salts to revive a public life that had long wilted. almost argued cause and maintained that his the Democratic had acted criminally in her use of a private email although a federal investigation had found otherwise. It is no surprise that Trump would want to reward but in a startling the former mayor is on a very short list of people to be secretary of state. Had anyone ever described as he might have taken it as an insult. has said that much of his success as mayor arose from his willingness to take extreme positions by the standards of New political culture in the That same temperament no matter how titrated and calculated he may believe it to have been got him into any number of fights that ended up hurting people and costing the city money to get out of lawsuits that accused the mayor and his aides of personal retaliation. When a limousine driver criticized a trap set up by the police in the was infuriated. He waved police documents at a news conference and wrongly said that the man had been convicted of a serious sexual assault. An advocacy and housing organization for people with AIDS lost its city contract after criticizing others who claimed retaliation by or his aides included a jail warden who supported a political opponent of the mayor and a police officer who publicly criticized what she saw as recklessness in certain tactics. After left the city paid about million to settle lawsuits in these cases. The the city were not admissions of wrongdoing by On the global Mayor frequently used the United Nations as a chew toy. That played well with many New Yorkers fed up with privileges enjoyed by diplomats and consular employees. they ignored parking summonses. won cheers when he said the United Nations was like the worst kind of He suggested that the body could leave but later explained that he was just trying to push the United Nations and the State Department into taking more responsibility for the scofflaws. In his 2008 cited his 1995 confrontation with as evidence of his muscular approach. Not everyone saw it that including a United Nations official who was backstage with when he learned about presence. claimed that as his qualification to be a leader Ms. said. have to call it a like a red in the face. I simply cannot imagine him being in the most visible diplomatic secretary of state. People should know in advance what And proud of it.
Pharmaceuticals International is a onetime Wall Street darling that has become a punching bag for how pharmaceutical firms drove up drug prices and engaged in questionable sales in the process losing 90 percent of its market value. The first case to emerge from multiple federal and state investigations of its portrays it as a not a perpetrator. The Justice Department charged a former with taking about million in kickbacks from the chief executive of a specialty while hiding his true intentions from corporate management. had a relationship with and in 2014 paid million on an option to buy but it dropped the association last year. shut down in The criminal complaint depicts surreptitious payments and a cavalier highlighted by an email from Davenport to Tanner evoking how the two men would be like Butch and the Kid and into the sunset off the cliff as in the The case appears to be a straightforward tale of but there may be more to proving the charges than meets the perhaps portending a more difficult prosecution for the Justice Department. Was really the or was it a willing participant that wanted to build up so it could increase sales of its lawyer issued a statement asserting that his client did his job greatly benefiting and regularly communicated to his superiors what he was lawyer took a similar claiming that also benefited which is why and its highly sophisticated and active management team sought to buy job was to develop what was called the alternative fulfillment in which sought to have prescriptions filled with the drugs through specialty pharmacies like rather than with cheaper generics. In that Tanner was and helped the company increase its sales. But executives also wanted to develop other outlets for its which Tanner is accused of resisting. The criminal complaint portrays Tanner as a classic unfaithful servant who made a key outlet for drugs while working out a secret agreement with Davenport to get a cut of his profits. He is accused of pushing to enter into an option agreement to acquire the mail order pharmacy while denying to his superiors that he had any financial interest in Tanner received about million of payments to money funneled through corporate bank accounts to a shell company controlled by Tanner. If they were trying to hide those the two defendants certainly did a poor job by using an account over which Tanner had signature which would be easy to and keeping the money in the United States rather than shifting it to an offshore account. At one the Justice Department could bring a case against an employee for breaching a fiduciary duty to the employer as mail or wire fraud for violating the right of honest services statute. But the Supreme decision in Skilling v. United States in 2010 restricted this type of fraud to cases involving payment of a bribe or kickback to the not just unethical conduct that deceived an employer. Figuring out whether the million constituted a kickback to Tanner is the prerequisite to proving that he committed honest services fraud. A federal statute cited in the Skilling case defines a kickback as a benefit given improperly obtain or reward favorable treatment in connection a transaction. Whether the dealings with were will be the crux of the case against the defendants. The criminal complaint goes to great lengths to describe how Tanner kept senior executives in the dark about his role at and the benefits he would receive. He also made sure that played a crucial role in the alternative fulfillment program by never pursuing relationships with other potential pharmacy partners. Buying turned out to be problematic for when the company had to issue an accounting restatement after finding that it had incorrectly recorded million in sales to the pharmacy. And after questions were raised about whether it properly disclosed the relationship with in its filings with the Securities and Exchange shut down the unit. But that does not necessarily mean that the relationship was or that the million Tanner received constituted an illegal kickback. was aware of how the mail order pharmacy and the role it played in growing pharmaceutical a key to Wall embrace of the company that took the stock to more than per share in 2015. The New Times described an view that benefited significantly from its ties to the allowing it to increase sales of ailing products and obscure more significant problems with the Unlike the typical kickback scheme in which a supplier pays an official to award a contract that should not have been the defendants can argue that the development of was a benefit to and the option to buy it was arranged by experienced executives who paid no more than what they thought the mail order pharmacy was worth at the time. A decision in 2016 by the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit in in United States v. may offer a path for Tanner to argue that not revealing his interest in the deal does not constitute fraud. In that the conviction of a bank officer who negotiated a sale of the interest in a development while secretly taking an ownership interest in the property was overturned. The appeals court found negotiating and certainly the sophisticated businessmen in this do not expect complete candor about negotiating as distinct from facts and promises of future stake in the deal may not have tainted the transaction even if he breached a fiduciary duty to by not disclosing any arrangement he had with Davenport. Unlike the typical he can argue that his share of the deal was a means to bring both sides together in a mutually beneficial arrangement. was not so much a victim of a bad deal as a willing participant that received the benefit that it sought by gaining control of an important conduit to sell its drugs and avoid losing sales to generics. That argument would not put a seal of approval on what Tanner and arranging to make almost million off a deal without first disclosing it to your employer is likely to be considered a breach of duty if sued him. But whether the federal fraud statutes should be used to police a dispute about a private employment relationship is a different especially when the defendants face a potential sentence of up to 20 years in prison if convicted of the fraud charge.
Twice a week we publish problems that will feature in a forthcoming Dear advice column in the Guardian so that readers can offer their own advice and suggestions. We then print the best of your comments alongside own insights. I have recently been promoted to team leader in my workplace. It is the second rung of the managerial ladder. I have been working towards this for a year and finally got the opportunity to get the job. on secondment for two months and will get made permanent at the end if it goes explained in my interview that although I have a basic knowledge of the computer I have the knowledge that the other team leader or the manager has. Since I have been promoted I have had to text or ring one of them each shift in order to help with issues. I explained that I wanted training and needed it to be able to do my job but I have been told that going to be difficult to find the time. Things are going wrong and I am unable to fix them without knowing what to do. There have been occasions where they answered the phone and I have been completely made a call and been reprimanded for it the next this continues I see the secondment being made which would be from both as I want to take the job permanently if this is what is to you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply 
In the nascent field of orgasm much of the data relies on subjects and in some pretty clear physiological feedback in the form of how do women know for sure if they are What if the sensation they have associated with climax is actually one of the the early foothills of And how does a woman know if she has had an set out to answer these questions by studying orgasms in her private laboratory. Through better understanding of what happens in the body and the brain during arousal and she hopes to develop devices that can increase sex drive without the need for orgasm begins with a butt plug. uses the anal to detect the contractions typically associated with orgasm in both men and women. Combined with which measures brain this allows for a more accurate picture of a arousal and orgasm. Twitter has founded to study brain stimulation and desire. began studying women in this way she noticed something surprising. of the women who reported having an orgasm were not having any of the physical signs the contractions of an not clear why that but it is clear that we know an awful lot about orgasms and sexuality. think they are she said. sense is that some women know what an orgasm is. There are lots of pleasure peaks that happen during intercourse. If you had contractions you may not know something Research could lead a device put on before intercourse to increase responsiveness to sexual an runner and keen motorcyclist in her free started her career at the Institute in where she was awarded a doctorate in 2007. Studying the sexual effects of a menopause she first became aware of the prejudice against the scientific study of sexuality in the US. When her research examining porn found the condition fit the same neurological patterns as cocaine or it was an unpopular conclusion among people who believe they do have a porn addiction. Twitter The evolution of design of the anal pressure used in lab to detect orgasmic contractions. started posting stories that I had falsified my data and I received all kinds of sexist she said. Soon anonymous emails of complaint were turning up at the office of the president of where she worked from 2012 to demanding that be fired. Does orgasm benefit mental pushed on with her but repeatedly came up against challenges when seeking approval for studies involving orgasms. tried to do a study of orgasms while at to pilot a depression intervention. rejected it after a she said. The ethics board told her that to she would need to remove the orgasm component rendering the study left to set up her sexual company in in 2015. The company has been working on a number of including one exploring the benefits and effectiveness of working with specialist company of the the practice involves a woman having her clitoris stimulated by a partner often a stranger for 15 minutes. orgasm state is claims website. is and dynamic. It flows all over the place with no set direction. It may include or it may not. In Orgasm we learn to listen to what our body wants instead of what we think we wants to determine whether arousal has any wider benefits for mental health. folks that practice this claim it helps with stress and improves your ability to deal with emotional situations even though as a scientist it seems pretty explicitly sexual to she said. Twitter Vagina Dispatches episode the orgasm is examining orgasmic in the measuring finger movements of the as well as brainwave galvanic skin response and vaginal contractions of the recipient. Before and after measuring bodily researchers run through questions to determine physical and mental states. wants to determine whether achieving a level of arousal requires effort or a release in control. She then wants to observe how Orgasmic Meditation affects performance in cognitive how it changes reactivity to emotional images and how it compares with regular stimulation is Another research project is focused on brain which believes could provide an alternative to drugs such as the The drug had to be taken every be mixed with alcohol and its can include sudden drops in blood fainting and sleepiness. women would rather have a glass of wine than take a drug not very effective every said field of brain stimulation is in its though preliminary studies have shown that direct current stimulation which uses direct electrical currents to stimulate specific parts of the can help with anxiety and chronic pain but can also cause burns on the skin. magnetic which uses a magnet to activate the has been used to treat psychosis and but can also cause mania and hearing is studying whether these technologies can treat sexual desire problems. In one men and women receive two types of magnetic stimulation to the reward center of their brains. After each participants are asked to complete tasks to see how their responsiveness to monetary and sexual rewards has wants to stimulate brains using direct currents and then fire up tiny cellphone vibrators that have been glued to the genitals. This provides sexual stimulation in a way that eliminates the subjectivity of preferences people have for pornography. already have a basic functioning said barrier is getting a device that a human can reliably apply themselves without harming their own Twitter proposed direct current stimulation configured to stimulate the brain areas associated with is plenty of skepticism around the science of brain a technology which has already spawned several devices including the headset which promises users an energy and which claims to help with Novella from the School of Medicine uses brain stimulation devices in clinical trials to treat but he says not enough clinical evidence to support these emerging consumer devices. potential for physical harm if you know what he said. a theoretical point of view these things are but in terms of clinical claims they are way ahead of the curve here. simultaneously really exciting science but also premature engineer who uses to treat depression at the City College of New agrees. a lot of snake problems can be emotional and also a licensed is keen to avoid overselling brain stimulation. risk is that it will seem like an quick she said. For it will but for others it will be a way to test whether brain stimulation can work which sees as a more balanced approach than using medication. it is much better to help provide it for people likely to benefit from it than to try to create fake problems to sell it to problems can be triggered by societal pressures that no device can fix. discomfort and anxiety and awkwardness and shame and lack of said psychologist who specializes in sexuality. Brain stimulation is just one of many physical interventions companies are trying to develop to make she says. a million drugs under development. Not just oral drugs but patches and creams and nasal but not a medical she about low sex drive as a medical condition requires defining normal and unhealthy. does not lend itself to that kind of line drawing. There is just too much variability both culturally and in terms of personality and individual differences. normal for me is not normal for your mother or your says that no device is going to solve a when a woman in a heterosexual couple getting aroused because her technique any good. pills or brain stimulation are going to fix she 
Frank supports the and Trump. supports the Cubs and When had a pair of tickets for game 2 of the World Series in he knew who to had 50 people I could invite to this game but I only have one friend a Cubs fan and I knew what it would mean to said sporting an cap and shirt. knew it would mean more to him than anyone flights in demand and prohibitively hired a car on morning and drove for five and a half hours to be he drove back on exultant after the 5-1 victory squared the series. after is history. The Cubs and have the longest title droughts in 108 and 68 years without winning the World Series respectively. It is the resistible force against the movable for a few golden also felt like something of an antidote or at least a refuge arguably the most divisive and poisonous presidential election campaign ever. It is oddly reassuring to discover that there is still a place in the US not transfixed by reckless emails or tweets. Here sports comes politics nowhere. A baseball cap is still a baseball not a marketing prop for making great a sales rep who keeps his cap on through every game for good fans care less about the election. Every day it gets nastier and not even talking about the issues. a breath of fresh air to have something as easy as playing a baseball game. like taking a all cleaned Democratic and Republican nominees have historically high unpopularity ratings. Their contest has been extraordinary including a tense debate in which castigated Trump over allegations of sexual assault and Trump threatened to jail his opponent. The appeal to authoritarianism and cries of rigging have led some to fear an existential threat to the as as as regular as the goes on. It is the most storied and soulful of US sports. It survived the second world war when Franklin D honestly feel that it would be best for the country to keep baseball After reaching the World Series at Cubs manager watched the movie Field of Dreams and wept. While pro football is by far more baseball is cultural a social safety valve for a fractured nation. Twitter fans gather outside the gates before game 1 of the World Series. John G feels this more acutely than most. Three months ago its basketball with the baseball hosted coronation and dark vision at the Republican national convention. Where in the strongman claimed that only he can fix the and delegates chanted her this week the Cavaliers led by the superstar received their championship rings after ending the sporting championship famine. Where in political hacks crowded bars and restaurants on nearby East 4th this week sports fans erupted at every run they saw on multiple in street vendors sold hats and with slogans such as for and a vote for this week the merchandise says working town of back and liked before it was And where in party delegates walked behind high steel fences separating them from potential civil unrest and thousands of this week and Trump supporters rubbed recalled learning the sport in corner parks and and went to the ballgame fan from is a wonderful distraction from the workaday world and the issues at hand. It brings people together. an important election and this is just a game but this is not only once in a once in three lifetimes. be another election in four had come to add to the joviality of the proceedings outside the Progressive Field name an insurance it has nothing to do with liberal He bills himself as the premiere and was dressed for the including a sign attached to his top hat referring to a year when was in the White House and the Cubs last won the World Series need only go back as far as Harry We are long suffering but always Cubs are long suffering but always said. optimistic wait till next We believe in the Cubs. a great sense of relief and celebration just being in the World Series. And I think we will win the World he was greeted by old Cubs fan and her partner an supporter. The both financial recalled being nine or 10 years old when they attended their first baseball games. much as following has been difficult for a long an fan and always have in your blood. Cut me and how about the shot comprehensive 6-0 victory in game 1 on with pitcher was celebrated by fans driving the streets blasting horns and each other. The mood was more subdued on as Cubs pitcher took control over four hours in a raw a crowd watching the game on two giants screens outside the park ebbed away into the night. A small plane flew overhead trailing a banner that tried to buy and move the whose is one of the great cathedrals of seem to have most of the country rooting for them. They have been striving and falling short for more than a century. Author Rich wrote in the New as long as anyone following the Cubs has meant embracing choosing the losers over the seeing the romance in have suffered a legendary curse ever since a tavern barred from a World Series game in 1945 because he was trying to bring in a malodorous proclaimed that they would never win the title again. But inspired by Cubs fan Bill film some fans have paraded the slogan afraid of no and this year the team have carried all before them. has expressed hopes for a Cubs victory despite being a supporter of city rivals the White is relishing its moment in the sun. It is one of poorest and most racially segregated big only fared worse from the trauma of industrial decline. It has had to live down nicknames such as mistake on the while its river was so badly polluted that it caught fire in 1969. Progressive Field sits near steel smoking chimneys and slag heaps. Twitter idea was that in an smoky city you could get a ticket and walk through that gate into a green space. This is the pastoral district manager at where pizza has been crossed out and replaced with such a sense of pride and it brings the community together more than anything else. still considered a town. Growing up in my we played baseball in the spring and football in the fall and winter. When all the jobs what everyone clung our sports whose daughter the agreed. is not a city people flock to as a major metropolitan he said. and have been tough years and why people hold on to their sports teams. Things in are consistent. They put up with tough winters and losing sports franchises. They keep on coming hoping tomorrow will be a better in are and and have their hearts broken thousands of times. To have the baseball after what happened in with the basketball two tremendous events in one year was worth the wait. the the harder you the luckier you is a Democratic stronghold but remains a perpetual electoral battleground. says he intends to vote for Trump because he wants change from the career politicians who run But if he was forced to choose between picking the winner of the election or the World got to be the fans would make the same decision in the view of John who teaches a sports history course at Case Western Reserve University in election has been a brutal process and people are much more interested in the World he said. is pushing the campaign off the front of the news The election has been a brutal process and people are much more interested in the World Case Western Reserve cautioned against notions of baseball as morally pure noting the own history of and but linked to what is supposed to be about the field of dreams. The idea was that in an smoky city you could get a ticket and walk through that gate into a green space. This is the pastoral there has been concern about the drop in players across baseball as a both the Cubs and have increasingly racially diverse he reflecting the diversity of the US itself. can see yourself on the no matter who you has arguably been in decline since the although the sport has long served as a metaphorical shorthand for an sees evidence of a revival in that view in the era of his celebrated in commercial was released in the same as the fond movie The Natural starring Field of Dreams you build they will came out a few months after left office. Oriole Park at Yards in was conceived in the and completed in starting a trend for nostalgic promise to great has been expropriated by Trump and sewn into baseball caps and other merchandise. repeated promise at rallies going to win so going to be so sick and tired of is probably unfathomable to Cubs and battle shifted on to where residents are no less sports box seats for the first World Series game at Field in 71 years were selling on for and more. But whose father was a gifted amateur cannot bear to look. wife watches but I he admitted. get too nervous. I judge happening from the shouts 
I love my garden. My mum lives in and has a x but since my and I moved got so much space to sculpt and to create. doing something to making me really calm and used to be in the boy band There were so many people wanting your attention it was full on. I prepared for it first time round. My coping mechanism was to get out of it by drinking and taking drugs. after half a glass of I have to go to grounds you. When in that moment not thinking about anything just doing. This natural stuff is what helps us everyone should do is a lot more practical than me. She grows the edibles and I do the planting flowers and making the garden look pretty so that it uplifts the soul. like a putting the seeds on damp tissues to see them whereas I just chuck them where I want them random. The greenhouse is domain. Every time I get near it I can see her your hands off my growing verbena and lots of sunflowers. got white and gooseberries and plans for lots more in the field. I just found out got been calling them because the flowers look like a skirt a fairy would and my planted a rose garden with our Read love getting my hands and developed a bit of a fetish for working with stone. I spent ages digging out a fire pit and moving but then it rained so much that it so I thought it wants to be a pond go with that. It can be a little pond for me and the thing I get is slugs. I know they have a but what is you are but you take a risk if you come got khaki ducks and gonna get chewed I I see potential. I swear the sun comes out whenever in the garden. It can be gloomy everywhere else but it feels like in this little spot Sitting by my either looking up at the stars or down at the reflection of the sky in the How does your garden Email does your garden 
Whenever we went on my mother always took a kit packed with including cortisone despite the fact that my father and I are only mildly allergic to bee stings. Our kitchen drawers at home in the Roman countryside resembled hospital there were eight different aspirins from all over the 10 types of antiseptic creams and adrenaline shots for the scenarios my mother feared. I thought it was over the looking my obsession with saved my had been taking penicillin for throat viruses from the age of so when the dentist prescribed antibiotics for an aching dental implant in the summer of when I was I had no reason to worry. Three days over I went to take one of the pills. I even swallowed just put it in my when I started scratching everywhere the back of my hands and my scalp felt as if it was on fire. I later learned that my body was rejecting the antibiotics and I had gone into lips started swelling I looked like a grouper and my dad my I rushed to the mirror and saw that my lips and eyes had puffed up. I knew what was and told my mum to inject me with week I had been out to dinner with my boyfriend even though he knew he is allergic to he loves them too much not to eat them. He started to bloat like a balloon and told me to rush him to the where he was treated with a cortisone drip. Having seen his monstrous physical I my own the time my mum injected the cortisone I was slipping into darkness. My hands were shaking and I could hear my heart beating in my ears. My tongue and throat and I was suffocating. The cortisone was still working its way into my have never been so scared. I clung on to my mum like a I saw the terror reflected in her eyes. I passed out for a falling on my knees and hitting my head on the marble which woke me up again. I opened my and it was like coming back from the grave. The cortisone had begun to work and I suddenly felt better. In the my dad had called an ambulance. A helicopter landing in a clear spot near my house. I knew I was out of but the paramedics insisted on flying me to I survived a midair collision Read the doctors explained why the reaction had been so fast and I had accidentally sniffed the powdery coating of the antibiotic pill when I opened the so the penicillin entered my bloodstream through my nostrils much more quickly than it would have done if ingested the pill. They said that if the cortisone been to I might have took months to recover mentally. I stopped eating foods such as tomato chocolate and scared I would react. At wake with the feeling of suffocating. I had to see a and had pharmacological tests to figure out which antibiotics I could safely take in future. Whenever I go I have four cortisone pills inside my have told me that I am more susceptible to shocks than other and I know if a substance or food will trigger one until it happens. like living with a sword of over my head. scared to take a simple or of having an accident and being given antibiotics while I am unconscious. But I can laugh at it a thinking about my body transformation. And it has given me my Miss As told to Do you have an experience to Email 
is trailing performance in the 2012 according to early voting data that underlines fears of an for the Democratic a quarter of all expected ballots have already been cast after a surge in people wanting to express their preference before election day. Early voting by mail and at polling stations is under way in 37 with at least 33 million votes now are indications that is not doing as well as four years according to the Associated Press. Ballot requests from likely supporters have been weak in parts of the while turnout is heavily Democratic counties of and Franklin in are posting declines in ballot requests compared to while counties such as Warren have seen an increase. No candidate of either party has won the White House without carrying since John F in John author of The Populist is probably going to win women could vote into the White House Read and her allies are spending additional money in and states long considered Democratic strongholds. has not voted for a Republican for president since 1968 but the former secretary of state fared poorly there in the Democratic president Bill made an unannounced appearance in on night to meet privately with black the mayor and other local leaders. planned to travel to the area on Twitter women stand divided over Trump and on eve of the dip in voters is to some extent offset by a dramatic rise in potentially giving a significant edge in and With more than half the votes already cast in those Democrats are matching if not surpassing their successful 2012 the polls show Trump narrowing the gap in other battleground including some where has led for but she remains the clear With five days until one of the most consequential elections in living the candidates took the battle to and North where told voters on fate of the republic rests on your undecided could they swing the whole 2016 Read where more than half of voters have already cast ballots the black share of ballots is down but the share is up Trump traded blows not with but with The president let rip at a boisterous rally in pointing out that Trump let actor portrayal of him on the comedy show Night Live get under his skin. who is upset about a Night Live you want in charge of nuclear the president told supporters in serious. This is a guy tweets they should cancel Night Live like how is imitating I the thing that bothers and you want to be president of the United Come man. Come on. do most frustrating thing some of his support is coming from working folks. People you going to be our voice. Are you This is the guy who spent 70 years his whole life born with a silver showing no respect for working people. spent a lot of time with celebrities. Spends a lot of time hanging out with the really wealthy folk. But you see him hanging out with working people unless cleaning his room or mowing the fairways on his golf club. going to make this guy your champion if a working Come Twitter speaks at a rally for at International University arena on has shown disrespect to women and accepted the support of the racist the president argued. make excuses for this said angrily. a joke. This Survivor. This The This counts. This has to do with going to happen in your in your to soldiers and the safety of our has become increasingly riled by interventions in recent claiming that he should be working from the White House and fixing the system instead. He tweeted on at Air Force One Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs fixing Get back to work for the at a rally in he just left by the way And in leaving I saw Air Force One. And I said to I wonder who that could be. And our and down here campaigning for Crooked is atmosphere spurred sources say Read he back in the sometimes referred to as the Oval Office ... campaigning every and I actually considering that under criminal I think got a is not known to be under a criminal although the is examining emails that may be related to the investigation into her private email has to hope that reluctant Republicans will return to the fold. his bitter foe during the party primary appeared alongside his running mate Mike Pence at a rally in which is leaning towards if you agree there needs to be a special prosecutor to investigate and prosecute the corruption of Twitter Trump continued to get riled by campaign appearances during a stop in on campaign announced the grand finale to its campaigning on night with a rally in featuring Bill and was the birthplace of the US constitution and hosted this Democratic national where became the first female nominee of a major meanwhile is striving to remain on message and avoid more of the missteps that have plagued his campaign each time he seems to be building momentum. on stay on he teasingly quoted his staff as saying in on night. Nice and easy. Nice and made a late stop on in where unpopularity among voters has given Democrats hope of turning a traditionally Republican state. state is in play for the first time in she said to a crowd of one of the biggest of her took her critical message to a huge audience on night during the final game of World Series. The Democrats broadcast a series of ads that highlighted lewd comments about women. commercials were a mix of positive and including one promising future brighter than our are fighting hard to protect their 54-46 majority in the Senate ahead of election. They are on around the but a number of close races are essentially in states such as and New adviser reveals how ally warned him about leaked emails Read has opened a civil rights investigation into the arson and vandalism of an church in where someone in what mayor called a cowardly The pulpit and pews were and soot stained the brick around some the founder of has said the website did not get emails related to campaign from a state actor. US intelligence has blamed for the hacked emails from campaign chairman John in a statement on said sources of the emails not state It does not say how it obtained the noting only that the original sources are his elections 
It their first phone call. Last on Trump spoke to According to the the conversation was warm. congratulated the US on his sweeping victory. We exactly know how they addressed each but you imagine it might have been and leaders agreed that relations were as put it. Their two countries would now begin a new based on mutual respect and in the internal They would stay in touch and meet the said. Hours jets resumed their pounding of scene at some point in spring or summer 2017 difficult to picture. You can see the cavalcade of minivans sweeping into the courtyard and parking up beneath a cathedral with its glittering gold domes. The 45th president of the US will jump out and stride vigorously inside. Twitter is more of a leader of his country than is for US and his entourage will pass a painting showing archers slaughtering their enemies in medieval battle. he will enter an impressive palace its gilding as flamboyant and as Trump Tower in a man of surprisingly small stature will receive the new US president. Cue warm smiles and a handshake. makes a point of keeping everybody usually but you suspect that for Trump he will be bang on time. election victory is something has fervently wished but scarcely thought possible. On the day of the state media told ordinary that the election was victory around the world will delight in victory Read nature of this first meeting will shape international relations. It will either reassure or further spook a western security establishment already aghast at the way in which Trump has lavished praise on unpredictable easy to fathom what might want from Trump. The list of demands from is his geopolitical grievances go back a long way. His relations with and W Bush were torrid. the last happy moment was in when Bush said he had a sense of the wants the US to drop sanctions imposed in the wake of 2014 annexation of seized by undercover special forces. The mirrored by the were also punishment for covert invasion of eastern in part done by regular in part by US Treasury department is not an institution known for But those hit by sanctions and asset freezes have included billionaire targeted because of their closeness to a member of the as the Treasury dryly put it. widely believed in that their assets are running into the hundreds of billions of will want Trump to ownership of something no major state has done thus far. Annexing chunks of someone territory seems a throwback to a darker indeed this is the first time borders have been changed by force since 1945. Will Trump Nobody quite though it looks possible. would like a new version of the 1945 then there is will want the US to drop its demand that President leaves power. it will seek cooperation in an international war against meaning anyone who opposes the the matter of how the world is divided in the new era. The feels it is entitled to a sphere of influence. This encompasses the former republics of the Soviet and eastern and central ideologues talk of and code for being a dominant world force on equal terms with the would like a new version of the 1945 in which the Soviet Union and carved up you he would settle for a deal where Trump implicitly acknowledges that has in its former backyard. Trump has already questioned the role of he said that the US will not defend countries that fail to contribute to that the states are that foreign ministers met in emergency session following and that a new foreboding has descended among states bordering Their that of means subversion or attack or interference in elections in of candidates. Much of this is happening to press Trump and share a to foreign policy. Their views are said in New A senior admitted that the government already knows entourage they had been in contact during the election what does Trump want from The question is an intriguing one. The answer so unknown. As negotiator and seasoned Trump would surely demand something in return from The reality is that has relatively little to offer the other than an improvement in the currently embittered tone of bilateral relations. Twitter a pawn for concession might be prepared to make is on the and fugitive holed up in since 2013. stay of residence expires next summer. possible to imagine the with solemn that has violated his residency terms and is now being extradited to the this scenario fails to explain gushing public support for During the US election was the only international figure whom Trump repeatedly praised. He hailed him as a than And he incited to hack The administration believes the was behind the leak of Democratic National Committee emails. This act cause defeat but surely contributed to much of this year journalists have tried to discover what if has over Trump. How to explain the strange fealty to a former agent whose career has been predicated on hating The obvious place to start was with campaign manager until spring this year. previous client was the venal former president of who fled to in 2014 after an uprising. Twitter former Trump campaign manager has links with powerful oligarchs. Chip well as advising to his and generally touching up his public developed links with powerful oligarchs. They included and both of whom invested in business One of them involved New real estate. I tried to interview both without success. unclear how much cash underpins sprawling property exhaustive reporters have failed to answer what might be called the question. Writing in the Financial the historian wondered why it was that Trump had uttered a critical word about asked if had in the form of debts to sources that keep his business empire Lurid theories have circulated about what compromising information spy agencies may have on no one knows. For lurid theories have circulated about what compromising information spy agencies may have on Trump. The the successor agency to the once run by in gathering material that might be used for blackmail. The agency is adept at clandestine video surveillance and other covert last visit to was in 2013. The the Miss Universe beauty pageant. host was tycoon and property developer was due to meet Trump but at the last sending instead a decorative lacquered box and a friendly The event involved many beautiful women and an in a met when I worked for the Guardian in He showed me round his latest an exclusive housing built for the in rustic greater was a charming companion. We drove in his Land Rover. We went past mansions built in baronial his bodyguards followed behind us in a black It seems unlikely would have sought to embarrass Trump. Twitter Trump in at a Miss Universe in 2009. via Trump stayed in the hotel during that trip and occupied the suite that had previously been used by The US media reported that the may have videoed Trump inside the suite. There is no proof that any compromising video exists. But the would certainly have been interested in this kind of this after what it next visit to will be celebratory. will lay on a lavish state dinner. There will be toasts. All the signs suggest the two men will quickly develop what the call a relations similar to that enjoyed by with and sealed over a few lewd possibly with allusions to and based not on principles but on mutual does this leave the rest of Earlier this the director general of talked to the the first newspaper interview given by a serving chief in the history. message was stark. He warned of a growing covert threat from a state he bluntly described as to the is using its formidable powers to push its foreign policy abroad. tools include subversion and he said. there are more agents in the than during the cold war. is at work across and in the today. It is job to get in the way of Parker much of the ministers have talked fondly of special relationship with It look very special last week. Trump called May after first ringing the leaders of 10 other countries including and now appears to be facto much to Downing one area where the two countries have genuinely special ties is in intelligence gathering. The files revealed the extent to which the and its eavesdropping are connected. Liberals worry that Trump will use the surveillance powers to crack down on dissent at and to settle scores with his political foes in and the and others who work in the there will be a further troubling question. Just how closely are spy agencies likely to cooperate with their Might a Trump administration share including Her with the Could Trump officials tip off the about the own covert and divide worked for and it will work for Trump Read spooks are well aware of what the can do. In a public inquiry conducted by a retired Sir concluded that the had sent two assassins to murder the dissident Their radioactive tea. The man who that 2006 operation was said. Trump defended telling Fox knows who did 2016 has been an In the past candidates have won elections in and The has been weakened by including populists are on the march. now seen by many as the leader of the free is badly weakened. Who would bet against Marine recipient of a winning next presidential only problem involves storytelling. defining idea has long been Until many believed they were already fighting the in proxy battlegrounds such as and and with war just round the corner. Now Trump is the US will slip down the table of official having long occupied first place. Somewhere else will have to fill the there is a thaw between and the first in 15 years. The may continue for some time. equally possible that might pocket whatever concessions Trump is prepared to make. And then go back to what comes hating 
There are more reasons than ever to understand how to protect your personal information. Major website hackings seem ever more frequent. A set of National Security Agency hacking tools were dumped over the past year. In hackers used some of those tools to hijack computers around the world. In a Medium Quincy the founder of Free Code an community for learning to detailed the reasons it might be useful for people to make their personal data more difficult for attackers to obtain. I use the term I mean anyone trying to access your data whom you given express permission he a a corporation or even a In an walked us through some of the basic steps he recommended. We added a few of our based on additional interviews and news events. We encourage you to send any questions or feedback about this article to Encryption is just a fancy word for scrambling your data so no one can understand what it says without a key. useful for protecting information on your but also for making sure prying eyes snoop on text messages and emails on your phone. But encryption is more complex than just switching a couple of letters around. Signal is one of the most popular for those who want to protect their text messages. It is available for and and extremely easy to but it does depend on your friends downloading and using it along with you. And unlike which is also the code it uses to operate is open which is easier for an independent security expert to examine without the special permission of the developer. can be sure by looking at the code that not doing anything weird with your said. the idea behind the is to make privacy and communication as simple as said Moxie the founder of Open Whisper the organization that developed Signal. the popular chat uses software to encrypt its messaging. And in Messenger and you can turn on an option that encrypts your messages. how to do that on how to do it on In used a type of software that locks down data and threatens to destroy it if the attacker is not to hijack hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide. Such attacks are often spread through malicious email attachments and a practice known as So make a rule of not clicking on anything when you do not know where it will take even if it appears to come from someone you know. make sure to update your software particularly your operating system. software companies will release updates that patch bugs and vulnerabilities when they are discovered. But outdated or unauthorized copies of the software may still contain the security flaws. This is a particular problem with computers using the most popular operating system in the world and therefore a big target for hackers. for those using software can go a long way toward shoring up protection. recommends tools from or Your phone may be the device that lives in your but described the computer as the real gold mine for personal information. Even if your data were someone who gained access to your computer have access to all your files if they were both Apple and Windows offer means of automatic encryption that simply need to be turned on. In can be enabled from the Security and Privacy System Preferences panel. Apple has detailed instructions to enable it here. Windows users must be running Windows 7 Ultimate or the Professional version of Windows or 10 to use a guide on how to and how to turn it on. keep your data backed up. If something happens to or you lose it you can recover quickly without hassle. An backup like a favorite of The a New Times backs up your data and encrypts it at the same time. Even an external hard drive gives your files an extra layer of security. Backups will protect your documents and other data not only from a technical but from and other malicious hacking. Just make sure to test or check your backups periodically. You know this by now. Creating strong passwords and never using the same password across sites is one of the simplest things you can do to protect yourself from digital invasion. Not everyone agrees about frequent password changes. Most say you should use really strong passwords and no more than one password per THEN use the password managers. But making up new combinations all the time is irritating and tempting people to reuse them or make them too simple. That is one reason some experts object to frequent password changes. far better to create really strong ones for every login. And new passwords can pose security because hard to remember complex so you are tempted to write them down. That can lead to a lot of passwords. To keep track of recommends password which help store many with one master password. He said he uses but knows plenty of people who use and and he have a strong reason to recommend one over another. As far as making passwords up be precious about it. Use a random word object near for scramble the letters and sprinkle in numbers and punctuation marks. If writing passwords down or using a password you have to worry about making them memorable. When you turn on anyone trying to sign in to your email from new devices will have to go through a secondary layer of a code that is sent to your phone via text message. not through a link to turn on authentication for accounts. one for Yahoo and one for Outlook accounts. You should also set authentication for social media accounts and other sites where available. But email is the most important since many sites use email for password a fact that hackers have exploited. Once they have access to your they can get access to social data backups and work accounts. recommended this developed by the Electronic Frontier a digital security organization. It ensures that you are using the secure form of meaning that your connection to the site will be encrypted and that you will be protected from various forms of surveillance and hacking. Download Everywhere for Chrome here. For here. a list of about the including whether it is available for other browsers. And this is a good time to note that you should always find out whether the network you are using is secure. Public networks and even private networks without security keys often are not. The personal tech X. recommends using a to shield browsing encrypt all of the data coming to or leaving your computer or and hide your location. create an encrypted through which all of your data is meaning other computers or devices on the same network as your computer make sense of it. The only people who have the in this case is your computer and the provider you connect to when you turn it on. This is especially useful on public like at the airport or coffee where you know who else is using the same network. Some are and others require monthly subscriptions. The best offer for your phone as well as your computer. highlights three by and a service called Private Access. This available on Safari and among other may sound but pay attention to the clear warnings. On the second paragraph of the home screen spells it out for you. it says. incognito hide your browsing from your your service provider or the websites you In it simply keeps your computer from keeping a record of where you go. It stop sites from tracking and collecting data on and do anything to protect your privacy or security. It keep anyone using your computer from knowing where you went. said that if people were paranoid about he would strongly encourage them to use an alternate search engine. He that he was not paranoid. is built on the hacker and they have put principle above profits in some he said. But he also acknowledged that he meets all the time who are extremely skeptical of any large software and I think There are search results are more useful and accurate than precisely because of the ways it collects and analyzes information about its searches. That if someone has found a way to compromise your they cannot spy on you. And this happens. Even Mark of worries about it.
In the week since J. election as president of the United much has been written about the potential conflicts of interest a sitting president with a global business may encounter other Less has been paid to the even fuzzier situation of the close family members of a sitting and their business interests though on it became clear that this is another potential at least when it comes to the first daughter Trump and a brand that is largely built on her image. A group of including reporters at The New Times and received an email from Trump Fine the upscale brand Ms. Trump founded in entitled and touting Trump wearing her favorite bangle from the Metropolis Collection on The a bracelet that costs on her was clearly pictured on her wrist during her interview with her stepmother and grown siblings with on night. Such emails are not uncommon among fashion which tend to trumpet every celebrity sighting in their products to the world at large. What was different about this was that it came not from the communications but from the vice president for the person in a brand who would generally work with a wholesale partners Ms. stores such as in and and Son in And that after pointing out the it urged recipients to share this with your In other it used Ms. appearance by her side to directly promote the selling of her products. When the vice said am not available for and when asked if she had sent the hung up the phone. But a day president of the Trump notification was sent by a marketing employee at one of our companies who was following customary and like many of is still making adjustments We are discussing new policies and procedures with all of our partners going This is not the first time Ms. brands have used her role in her political career for marketing purposes. In Ms. Trump wore a dress from her own collection to introduce her father at the Republican National Convention also wore her own brand shoes and The next her company tweeted out a picture of her from the podium with the words look from her and a link to the where a similar style from the brand was offered. The dress reportedly sold out in a day. At the the decision was met with some even though the stakes were lower. Trump has stated that his children will have no formal roles in his White because they will be running his and there is no law that prohibits presidential relatives from continuing their own though Section 713 of Title 18 of the United States Code forbids the use of likenesses of the presidential seal for promotional purposes. Ms. Trump has not come close to but the appearance is still ethically blurred. Whether or not Ms. Trump knew of the bracelet email before it was her name is still on the top of the alert. In the attempts by relatives to profit from a connection to a such as Billy introduction of Billy Beer during his brother and the creation of Roger during his half brother terms in were roundly deemed inappropriate. The tension between Ms. position on her transition team and her but role as a representative of women and the younger generation in his and the fact that she is her own best ad and her brand is thus understandably using her as a makes the issue even more and it underscores her status in the public eye and the amount of attention she will incur. The question now is how she uses it.
Always quick to get to the social media came up with an instant distillation of the global response to the unsettling election of Trump as president of the United Trump to meet at the White House live updates Read declared that we had witnessed something more than a simple change of government. a slogan would not have circulated had Mitt beaten in it implied that Trump had not merely taken over the running of the United States for four but that his presidency represented a much darker threat that it in destroy the Twitter is prone to the hyperbolic and hysterical. But more sober commentators were raising a similar albeit in not quite such stark terms. the editor of the New spoke for many when he election of Trump to the presidency is nothing less than a tragedy for the a tragedy for the and a sickening event in the history of the United States and liberal democracy It is impossible to react to this moment with anything less than revulsion and profound For the millions who shared that dawn on felt like mourning in they fear is that Trump will make good on all the promises and threats he made during these last 18 months. What if he goes ahead and deports 11.3 million undocumented What if he really does ban all entering the What if he tries to use the powers of the state to go after media that have him making life difficult for the businesses that own inquisitive newspapers such as the for example as he has said he What if he overturns abortion even imposing form of on a woman who terminates a as he once And what if he really does build that Twitter How the 2016 US election night are plenty who believe that if Trump went ahead and actually implemented his he would create a different xenophobic and at odds with some of the founding principles religious equality or freedom of speech that have defined the United States since its founding. The country would still exist but it would no longer be there is a ready chorus of realists and quick to say that such talk is excessive. Those voices offer assorted forms of reassurance. they make the perennial claim that every successful politician whatever the bluster and rhetoric of the campaign always moderates once in office. This view holds it to be all but a law of nature that the radicalism of the candidate is always tempered by the reality of governing. Trump may have talked up a storm on his way to the White they but once behind the desk of the Oval practical considerations will surely constrain runs the there are formal mechanisms in place to do just that. The United after is ruled by a constitution that insists on the separation of so that the executive the president can never go too always held in check by both the independent in the form of the supreme and the Congress. These venerated institutions will surely prevent Trump from doing anything too crazy. Less but also to be taken into account is the federal a vast civil service of who will ensure that any Trump proposal is softened and smoothed into sanding off its more wild edges. And there is always the they surely let Trump get out of trouble none of those reassurances stacks up. Start with the notion that once he has sworn the oath of Trump is bound to tone it dropping his most incendiary plans. The trouble with that idea is that party bigwigs were saying the same thing throughout the earnestly hoping that Trump would change once he became the that he would change once he won the party that he would change once he started the campaign proper in Normal candidates do indeed do that. But with it never happened. Twitter Rams cheers as Trump speaks at a rally in Grand he kept sounding insulting bereaved military parents one a former Miss Universe the next. The only time he agreed to take direction was in the very final when he finally stuck to a message and read scripted lines from a teleprompter. But that was just for a few when the big shiny prize was in sight. It is a slim foundation on which to build the hope that a man with a proven lack of impulse control just grab them by the will miraculously transform himself the minute he walks through the door of 1600 if the restraint come from what about from there be institutions to hold Trump in The trouble Republicans did not only win the they also won both houses of Congress. That gives Trump enormous a strength that has eluded most of his predecessors. W Bush governed with a Republican Congress for a short spell. Before the last Republican to enjoy such might was in result is that Trump will face no congressional constraint. They will do his bidding. Some have suggested while their party affiliation might be the Trump will nevertheless encounter resistance on Capitol Hill because so many congressional Republicans are hostile to him. They cite the House who publicly clashed with Trump several times on the campaign once accusing him of making a example of a racist and who endorsed Trump only through gritted and Trump mark a Politicians must not pander to it Read will not dare oppose Trump now. Trump is the one with the national the winner of a much larger electoral college victory than anyone ever thought possible. Trump won states that had eluded the Republicans for he even took which had been in Democratic hands since 1988. That gives him huge clout inside the Republican party. He succeeded in doing what they had long failed to expanding the map and winning over white voters who had previously spurned so Republicans in Congress will be the junior partners in this new forced to bow to the man whose electoral appeal is so much stronger than theirs. He be their they will be his. If representatives were to dare to step out of Trump will ask them who the voters in their districts who will almost certainly have voted for him would back. The answer will always be pressure be applied only to Republicans. Witness this exchange between Newt to be a possible secretary of state in a Trump and journalist had asked about the proposed border wall with wondering if a Trump administration would really be able to get Congress to pay for it that no one believes ever despite hot pay for it replied that he would use the pressure of to bring doubters around. how many Democrats are up for election in the Senate in adding that the answer was 25. you really want to go home as the guy who stopped the by all but build it in if Congress promises to be what of the supreme surely the ultimate That body has a ready to be filled by the next president. Trump can nominate a pliant judge and the Senate will be unlikely to resist. That would instantly give Trump a 5-4 conservative majority on the highest court. And with several other supreme court justices in their late or other vacancies could appear too. Trump will have the chance to reshape the court in his image. can do the same for the lower rapidly filling up the federal bench with Twitter A man holds up an image of with the word above a Trump rally in Springs. once on the a judge can stay for life. So impact will be felt for a generation. He could have the numbers to overturn Roe v the ruling that gives women abortion to further entrench gun reducing what few restrictions currently exist has proposed that schoolteachers be or even to reinterpret the first amendment to allow for his proposed tightening of the libel Trump wants the right to pursue journalists who have so that can sue them and win lots of for the federal the US system is not like the one in A new president does not have to confine himself to appointing a handful of special fitting them into an politically neutral machine. He makes a staggering 4,000 staffing the entire top layer of government all owing their jobs and total loyalty to him. there will be no civil service to stop Trump. They will be servants. said that the military will behave in the same they will not want to be seen resisting democratically civilian other Trump will have enormous power from inauguration day on 20 2017. He can build his border wall if he wants to so memorable was the the political penalty for not doing so will be enormous. But he can do much more day he can at the stroke of a pen undo much of the legacy. Trump has had a team of aides draw up what they call the First Day a series of executive orders signed by that Trump could overturn with his signature before he has got his feet under the desk. Among the measures they have targeted for repeal the agreement on climate the refugee and the rules demanding checks on the background of someone seeking to buy a gun. By the end of that first would already be a changed work starts on the border most vociferous supporters will demand action on the other signature the deportation of those migrants. With Republican control of the House and he will have no excuses for inaction or delay. On there has been some advance work. One envisages a force of 90,000 equipped to make raids on restaurants and building rooting out illegal immigrants. As of chartered buses seats on and planes can accommodate would carry deportees to the border or to their home Others have talked of putting these unwanted people on trains and expelling them a method that evokes the darkest chapter in the Trump could work on his ban on entering the US. The constitution might strike that down as discrimination on grounds of but it would not be too hard to refashion it. Trump has spoken of banning arrivals from countries associated with which may be an effective workaround. And all the Trump would be shredding the legacy of first black abolishing which gave millions health there is another promise Trump will want to implement. It came during the debates when Trump pledged if he he would put in jail over her use of a private email server as secretary of state. He do that but he could steer his Justice Department to pursue perhaps via a special prosecutor. Who would stop him doing His base will demand nothing their cries of her are still ringing. only thing that might stay his hand is if he calculates that the threat of prosecution provides useful a sword to hang over the heads of the to ensure they keep quiet and out of his this is the country that Trump unshackled and unbound can starting three months from now. Oblivious to the hostile to snarling towards and seeking to roll back rights that took decades to secure. It would be a country that saw the constitution not as its greatest but as an obstacle to overcome. It would see diversity not as a but as a fact to be at best. And anyone objecting to any of this would find the big all three branches of arrayed against them. RIP It certainly might feel that what we saw in the astonishingly ugly campaign fought by Trump would be only an inkling of what is to follow. as one senior Democrat put it to horror show has not even started. This is just the elections 
Message of the week United launch a drive to young women in and extend the core and message to fans. Ed Glazer named as a Trump campaign with a ask for Trump University trial to be delayed until next year Read High on agenda this delaying the fraud lawsuit against his defunct Trump University scheme. Claimants say promises Trump made in a 2005 infomercial filmed in his Trump Tower Chuck flat were Trump who gave the disgraced executive a rent rebate for the shoot denies reactions to last Jack still fighting extradition to the US on racketeering reminiscing in the on the morning he won I sent him a congratulatory email on his stunning victory From 1990 to 2010 my apartment was on the 52nd floor of Trump opposite and we were accustomed to greeting each other. I would also often go to his casino in so all for and I wish him all the owner out on parole from his corruption sentence calling Trump and describing their similarities. years ago he wanted to build offices on some of my land The deal was good and profitable for both but I wanted to call it the and he the reverse. We could not conclusion from last politics for women could a woman be the most powerful man in the but a glass ceiling has been in a few see Trump. Maybe see the Trump. Just maybe Trump is the model that proves you need to be educated to be a great Midas lays the first brick at his new see a very happy president standing before you today. This is a great for me and for Museum officials project a Also last week from Former FA head pleading guilty to seven fraud counts and forfeiting of his Former head facing a life ban for 17 months after he took over from disgraced racketeer with a will deliver on our commitments to our Former FA head winning the endorsement to run for Council next despite being investigated over an alleged bribe. He denies sharpest Secretary General asked in a press conference about waste my time answering everywhere you there are human rights issues. and are no making great 2.0 head upset by coverage of his private jet habit. have also flown I will fly whatever is more His wider need to show a which is more more humble. We are normal people. We are football of Trophy games fail to attract crowds above 1,000 Read best Football League chief executive plays down criticism of the new Trophy format. next stage is getting the group stage under way and the draw has thrown up some exciting prospects. looking forward to seeing how the competition develops and the reaction it gets from the after game against attracts a crowd of 308. see how things progress. All cup football takes on a different guise when it becomes a moving 1 owner Tony posts a with Jimmy not be happier for this man. A decent man who works his socks off for Loyalty is a strange word in football but we are family and we are and we stand by our 5 Sacks 28 board confirm backing for Frank chief sports officer tells the lot of people are offering themselves for his but not happening. The bench belongs to 1 wish Frank the best for the 31 president Peter holds talks with coach objective was to to hear passion and belief and I liked what I heard. soon the errors will the wins will and we will turn the 7 Sacks guy of the Guarani defender upset by coverage of him flooring a referee after being sent off. read stuff that says I freaked out. That a freak out. I was sent off wrongly so I just did what I did. a good a happy guy. I always do my Former coach Ion given a ban in May along with assistant Romeo and 14 players on their new a a so now into farming. I work the drives the the players assist. We embrace hard West and a tree born crooked Read owner handling fans on Twitter asking your nine who do you think you In 2014 he told another persistent critic to to the aged hit not my you set my setback of the FA calling off a plan to use reggae star Wale to boost dwindling crowds after he quoted per show. FA head previous best effort to deploy in do and men will jump to the purposely to see the Official agree. For wherever you see there are 
When Sir John Rose stepped down as chief executive of in March the company had been of had been in charge for 15 years and overseen the expansion of one of companies into an engineering giant on the world firm that had made engines for Spitfires during the second world war had become a leviathan. cracks in its carefully crafted corporate image were about to how it started is still but by had put itself on red alert. It somewhat that it had a problem and the Serious Fraud Office said it was the focused on the activities in the emerging markets of and but the list of jurisdictions was to the declared it had opened a criminal investigation into allegations of bribery and corruption at middlemen may have used bribes to land major contracts Read an unusual the which had conducted its own internal review of its made clear the seriousness of the situation. is too early to predict the but these could include the prosecution of individuals and of the company. We will cooperate an effort to get ahead of the but in a way that underlined its the company appointed Lord a former head of litigation at City law firm to review years since the first reports of potential and three years since the began its inquiry in the scale of the investigation has become Guardian has established the team is now and is being supported by money from the Treasury to cover exceptional soon became clear that it was multiple across several strands of its said a source with knowledge of the what has happened in the past three has given little away and has only confirmed making two arrests. They happened in when it emerged that two businessmen and his son were questioned as part of its investigation into the activities of Twitter staff working on the engine. has been charged and a few months after the the two men had their bail conditions but the Guardian understands the inquiries are early focus on the has been intriguing their lawyers said they had not and have never been middlemen for nor paid bribes to government officials or acted as middlemen in they say they have done nothing who are The are among the wealthiest and families in They have a wide range of business interests and have become familiar faces in political circles in the are entrepreneurs and and have also been major donors to the Liberal Democrats. They and their extended families own a number of mansions in the heart of such a high they have not avoided scrutiny or criticism. The 12 countries where suspicious activity linked to has been identified Read for was investigated in 2004 by Central Bureau of Investigation the foremost law enforcement agency over suspicions related to alleged payoffs to a company later the investigation was with insisting he had been a victim of a plot to damage his reputation. His lawyers told the was investigated but was never arrested. He was subsequently cleared of all allegations of wrongdoing and the investigation as a whole was closed in a closure report filed in a court that the stated it did not find any evidence to suggest there was any payoff to or his companies. A list compiled and disseminated by the names as one of 23 on a list of contact The which has been seen by the is undated but is understood to still be in circulation in the government. has challenged its authenticity. His lawyers say that although he has been made aware of he has no knowledge of its content and has never been contacted about it by any official body. Separately from their alleged interaction with there have been other occasions when the finances have raised Swiss banking source has described to the Guardian and how money transfers between the family companies sparked an laundering alert at which was then a private banking division of Credit Guardian has seen a report created by the risk management team at in which highlights the flow of vast sums that triggered the report 18 and looked at money transfers between companies owned or managed by members of extended family. One was Services which received from State the arms dealership. was a director of Twitter Visitors at the stand at the 2015 the year leading up to the another the Cottage received from and transferred to an Isle of Man company is described as the and sole of Cottage Consultants. The company is owned through bearer which means it is owned by whoever physically holds the share certificates. has denied being a beneficial owner of the company. Cottage Consultants had also received from an entity called with the money originating from a bank. The Guardian asked about the transfers that had alerted His lawyers said he had no knowledge of the internal report and any suggestion that these payments were improper or illegal was false and twists and turns of the business empire have rarely been out of the news in recent but it is their apparent knowledge of the bureaucracy and red tape in their home country and how best to navigate it that might make them seem ideal middlemen for any company hoping to break into the lucrative market. One such firm is alleged to have been firm was involved in the the massive and massively complicated Hawk which involved buying engines and first tranche of this was agreed in a second in 2010. The total value of all the contracts involved came to the investigation is so important to the Read parts were assembled at Aeronautics an aerospace and where uncle had been the Guardian has spoken to one source. The source said the and their companies had worked with the firm during this had to work your way and it took said the source. needed to have partners or a sister company in source said local fixers would help arrange the before senior figures arrived to complete it. The Guardian and the understand that millions of pounds of money went to the family. Even if this were it does not mean there has been any wrongdoing. Using middlemen is not so long as they abide by the Guardian asked the to explain what if they or their companies had played in the Hawk deals. Lawyers for the said they had not been middlemen or intermediaries and that any allegation that had paid them for the purpose of securing deals in was Guardian has been told about a curious meeting between and a businessman. It came from a banking source who spoke to the Guardian. The source alleged that and a former executive called Peter Ginger visited together in 2007. Ginger was president in until Guardian has been told that during this Ginger allegedly deposited hundreds of thousands of pounds in cash into a account from another account he held. By the which was called No 120467 held about Swiss Guardian has seen a copy of a bank document that shows the details of the documents discovered among the Panama Papers the investigation into the law firm carried out by the the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists and also reveal the family of Peter Ginger asking for a payment from an educational foundation with an apparent link to Twitter The law firm sign in Panama City. email seen by the Guardian shows the foundation paid to cover the university costs of one of relatives. In one a member of the family requested money from the foundation to pay an allowance. is now back in for the summer term so we would be most grateful for payment to the same account as he hope this is in order and meets with foundation approval. Please hesitate to contact me or if you have any payment was for for four weeks of and asked Ginger and to explain these apparent interactions. Is there a benign Could the banking source in have got it Lawyers for insist he has. client has no knowledge of what bank accounts have been set up or operated by Ginger or what sums he has deposited in them in cash. did not pay any bribe to client has no knowledge of any payments made the Guardian asked Ginger why he visited with and why the foundation was funding his education. He declined to comment on the am not prepared to talk about it at all. not going to respond to the media at Systems said it had record indicating that Ginger had a personal financial relationship with during the period that Ginger was employed by the episode may be nothing more than an intriguing but the may have an opportunity to judge for itself. The who asked not to be has offered to speak to the had to wait seven years to be cleared after authorities launched an inquiry the has been looking at and at for a mere three. And the investigation appears to be broadening even you would like to pass on any confidential you can send a message via the service how here and Fraud and Central 
This REM come to Not to play a reunion but to talk about their career and the 25th anniversary of their album Out of which is getting the deluxe reissue also on 18 and Mike Mills from the band will be in conversation with the John and we will stream the event live on our page. and Mills will also be taking your questions. So if something you desperately want to ask them about the contrary career of one of the most unlikely superstar bands in pop email your question on Out of Time at the voice of a generation is not a pretty place to Read told our own can fuck with people if gonna be And we were always about it. We would go on stage and perform the four songs everyone knew. This was 1987. We would open the set with the four songs everyone then the real you can stay. Everyone else go go drink somewhere go flirt somewhere else But we were always and we were always pushing ourselves to do things differently. To not have the same every to not allow it to become a job. We were throwing marbles under our feet at every turn to try to trip to try to not allow it to become quotidian. Is that the promises to be a fascinating event especially because it is their first chance to speak about So tune in on and Mills take to the stage at and see what they have to say about the life of REM and the state of the and 
chief campaign strategist said a national with campaign forecasters like Silver and New Upshot had deeply worried the Democratic presidential campaign in the final weeks of the and could have hurt voter were the election polls so How Trump defied predictions Read at a conference held at New La a pollster and consultant who also worked on successful campaigns in 2008 and said a number of factors contributed to stunning defeat last including actions by director he singled out the relatively new phenomenon of reporting on elections not just by examining national and state but by forecasting probability of a candidate winning by looking at aggregates of polls and other factors. odds of winning the election on the the New Times forecasting were on election day and only began to plummet as results came in late in the a lot of the coverage and obsession with Silver and and the Upshot focusing on the probability of a said. I think when we have people talking about whether there is a probability that is going to win as opposed to her being up in the polls a real concern. Because you want people to think an election is was one of several election officials and political pundits to speak on a panel about the US election is not he is not journalism and it is not and yet journalism is now obsessed with it because it is cheap news. I can throw out They even discriminate polls they is a terrible thing inside a for people to think that that election was won. Hated inside a campaign. is a difference between people thinking is three points ahead in the and someone who they think is a god of probability saying there is a chance she is winning. Maybe they will have another drink at the bar and not also pointed to a lack of trust in which he blamed on the fallout of the economic and said role as a helped the incoming Republican president. Twitter Why elected factors claimed as reasons for defeat include an alleged failure by the campaign to ensure the support of voters. president and chief executive of the US Chamber of Commerce told the Guardian on that after Trump built his campaign on immigration thought this election cycle would be was advised once again by Beltway advisers who knew it had the models and the but who called it leader attacks campaign for taking vote for granted Read echoed who reportedly told donors in a private conversation that she blamed actions by for her by pointing a finger at the saying decision to announce the discovery of new alleged evidence in the investigation of use of a private email server 11 days before the election have an said voters who were on the fence about and contemplating support of including Green party candidate had begun coalescing around in the last weeks of the until the letter went always had a group that were Trump defectors and a group that were said. defectors began to come back around to the Republican he said. then our defectors started to come home until that and once that we saw them to the sent a second letter two days before the saying no new evidence of wrongdoing had been said the trend of voters switching allegiance after first letter was in and in where Stein garnered strong support among liberals and where lost by one elections 
lecturer in political have a doctorate from a great worked on government research and have more published work than many tenured staff. I have been for about five years but HR departments have been alert enough to knock me out of the system before I could rack up four years and become Universities accused of Sports Direct for pay Read been working for three places at once for most of those years. You have three HR systems and three and three security each with their glitches and negotiation of all that stuff just getting paid is far from automatic stacks up to something like a management role. But of course this is without the security or the reward or pay being put in automatically. often like trying to play very and then you look at what doing all this for and three hours one seven none the next week. I earn just over a year. My pay always just reduces my which is now universal credit. hard to get by. Then friends and sometimes even students say things all right for you being a university lecturer are seasonal like fruit pickers. You have to email every cap in there any work for me this Universities are giving their people less therefore paying them do struggle to get by. I live in a housing On a basis it means getting big bags of pulses and rice from as cheaply as making a whole batch of something and living off it. I cycle everywhere. absolutely no frills. got a partner. We would like a but it would be extremely difficult. And the idea of getting a mortgage is a reason I am willing to be named here is because there is little left at not much left to the idea that if I be nice and polite about the situation and say anything I might progress is clearly not academic on casual had more rights as a Read lecturer in applied linguistics and obtained my in 2013 from a Group university. Since then I have worked in three different have taught on seven different and have been module leader for five of these love working in having had a succession of contracts as an am finding it increasingly unsustainable for both financial and personal am not making enough money to make particularly in the and have to freelance as an editor and which eats into time I really should be using to develop my own research and publications. I am unable to make plans because I know where or if have work next the moment I face long commutes sleeping on spare floors or beanbags the night before I teach. no point in moving closer to work because I might be working at the other end of the country in six a house is out of the question. I have moved back in with my parents in order to save even my rent. The best time was when I was teaching two courses a semester and doing MA supervision I was earning a year. Sometimes as low as contracts do not always pay you for office hours or sufficiently pay you for teaching preparation. You are rarely paid for the hours of emailing and advising students outside the days you are working. It becomes a difficult juggling act between supporting your students and paying as a Zip your lip and do as you're told Read a personal experienced serious mental health issues while I have worked very hard at getting to a point where I can unstable work without a network of colleagues and without any security is proving really difficult. Three years of temporary contracts have meant that my life has been on hold. My friends outside academia are settling buying houses and getting married. I have a a book too expensive for anyone other than a university library to buy and face constant worried that academic means that the only ones who get permanent academic jobs are those able to tough out several years of unstable work and I worry that the people able to do that are those with considerable financial without caring without financial dependents and those mentally resilient enough to lecturers on the is the following in Read lecturer in got my in 1997 in literary theory. I worked for about six years at various universities on a series of temporary contracts. I then had my daughter and was made redundant from the last of those was at home for five years with my then I returned to work as a lecturer at University on a series of temporary contracts including and my underlying permanent contract remains life is because my husband earns a decent wage but I certainly could not support myself on what I earn. Plus the issue of insecurity the fact that your hours can be cut. My hours have been cut. I have been on occasion quite depressed by the was only doing five or so hours a week last year. This semester only teaching two hours a week. The lecturing rate includes payment for half an hour preparation and half an hour marking for each hour of teaching. If I was preparing a course I have not taught before I would often spend a day preparing for a lecture and a seminar or a workshop. I earn such a pathetic amount. ignominious. I feel quite humiliated the remuneration and the status of the job is much lower than it is for equivalent colleagues. a lack of career a lack of status and not much in a sense lucky. not on my uppers. I can work for little but for other people who need to support a I imagine how they manage. Everybody is scrabbling around trying to find husband is a professor of philosophy. He is the one with the proper job. not but not very good on the feminist new world of 
A banker who killed two women in Hong after three days of and torture and rape has been found guilty of their how two women met their deaths in Hong Read a employee at Bank of killed and in 2014 after meeting them at bars in the a jury found was sentenced to serve two concurrent life showed no emotion after the verdict was sitting silently in the dock at the back of the courtroom. There was fleeting applause from supporters of the actions were horrific even by the standards of homicide Jutting said in a written statement read to the court by his lawyer. jury has delivered a verdict that I cannot and do not have any objection remain haunted daily by my actions. The evil I have inflicted can never be remedied by neither words nor the two families he expressed am I am sorry beyond had claimed diminished responsibility for the which he filmed on his the lawyer defending had argued the accused suffered from a personality disorder. Twitter and were killed by Jutting in Hong in 2014. down two life Judge this trial we have been made to dredge the very depths of depravity during the three days of torture he subjected his first victim described himself as evil and a and neither is adequate to describe the true nature of what happened. The defendant is the archetypal sexual showed no emotion as the judge recounted the details of his his head tipped slightly to one eyes staring at the judge paid particular attention to comfortable saying his salary and job were things most people dream defendant has shown not a shred of and the statement read this afternoon was the only time I have ever heard him say and I accept lawyers plan to file for transfer to prison in the but said he would ensure the courts in England knew the extent of his this had been in the I would make sure this is a full life but I have no such power from the International Migrants Alliance were outside but no members of the families were as they could not afford to make the journey from rural read by the prosecution before sentencing detailed the poverty in which the two women grew up and their hardships in the past two years. family regrets allowing her to the family statement said. she did not she would have not a separate family incident is a tragedy for our family. hard for us to accept this families called for severe punishment for Jutting. had earlier told jurors not to let the heinousness of the crimes or sympathy for the victims cloud their judgment in deciding whether or not mental capacity was significantly impaired when he killed the two point that he has an appalling private life is neither here nor he told the local media 23 and a had sustained severe knife wounds to her neck and buttocks. The decomposing body of thought to have been killed several days had been stuffed into a suitcase on the did not testify during his trial. But jurors were shown graphic taken by Jutting on his mobile in which he described how he had subjected to three days of torture after she agreed to come to his apartment in exchange for large of name is Jutting. About five minutes I just murdered this he is heard saying at one point. night. held her captive since early raped her I tortured tortured her badly feel a bit sad because she was a good but I really feel the toxicologist told the court that at the time of the murders Jutting was to consuming the equivalent of three uncut grams of the drug each day. He reportedly drank as many as four bottles of wine a banker Jutting tortured victim for three court told Read the trial that began last Jutting told Hong high court he was not guilty of but pleaded guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished who studied at the prestigious Winchester College followed by also admitted a third charge of preventing the lawful burial of a body. He was not charged with rape or banker disappeared from his work around the time of the murders. He left an automated reply on his work email that am out of the office. Indefinitely. For urgent or indeed any please contact someone who is not an insane killings cast a spotlight on the drastically different lives of Jutting and the two women. He was a banker working in the often decadent financial industry. and were from poor villages in rural and both first came to Hong to work as domestic brutal deaths focused attention on the hardships suffered by more than 340,000 mostly female domestic workers who have migrated to main financial hub from places such as and the to one one in six are subjected to forced working 71 hours a week and often suffering severe physical and mental 
Royal Mail workers have been urged to look out for an idealistic grammar school boy who vanished after reading Down and Out in and disappeared from his home in rural more than two months leaving his parents a letter explaining that he was bored with his asking them not to try to find him and promising to be back within the year. His and have made emotional appeals asking him to tell them he is safe but also want him to contact Missing People if he feels he cannot speak to them. senior helpline manager at Missing said on someone goes missing it can be an exceptionally difficult time for any family. When the missing person is a as in not knowing where a loved one or if they are safe and can be especially would encourage and anyone else who is missing or away from home to contact us by phone or email. free and and you can call in confidence. We will not make you go home and we cannot trace your call. Our team is here to offer advice and options that will help make you charity is also working with the Royal Mail to ask postal workers to look out for Missing People our partnership with Royal we are able to target alerts to particular geographical locations as in we can alert all 120,000 postal workers across the Twitter and pictured at home in near for the postal workers looking out in their local communities for a missing person can bring great comfort to the families who are waiting for news and the police are increasingly requesting Royal Mail alerts as a key part of their search in high risk and police are working on new leads following appeals from parents but Ms said on there had been no major teenager left without his any other electronic equipment or bank cards and had just earned from a job working in a kitchen restaurant which is exactly what did in Speaking to the Guardian on said was an idealistic boy who liked the idea of adventure and may have been inspired by his older who had both around But she said he had grown up in the country and was not streetwise. was bright and had a strong interest in current affairs and said was adventurous. He enjoyed all the Bear survival challenge the last two summers his has hitchhiked across He extensively into eastern His went I think he was inspired by all that. think that he felt he wanted his own adventure. was leaving for university and he was going to be the last one at home with us. I think he looking forward to being left alone with us. I think he wanted to test prove his said was an avid reader. book he was reading before he left was Down and Out in and You wonder if that had been influence. He was reading on a which he left police have asked us if it is possible he jumped on the back of a lorry. We rule out that possibility. He would have been following what was going on with refugees in The has not been seen since he left for Grammar school on his bicycle at on 6 His last words to his mother got my His custom was to leave his bike at a local post office and get the bus from there to school. When he did not return his mother went to the post office but could find no sign of the bike. Next day a letter arrived in the post. It mum and dad. I have run away because I am bored of my life. Please do not try to find me or make me come know how long I will be away for but it be longer than a year. You will find my school uniform in a bin bag in a small barn in the field on the green down the road near bike is chained to the fence. to the restaurant and tell them that I will no longer be able to work there. I know you will be upset but please understand that I have to do from The letter had been posted in have no idea happened to him. He left with very little. His letter shows his departure was but he took very little with him. That gives us very little indication of what he had in mind or how he hoped to survive. We know if he had a clear objective in mind or was just going to go whichever way the wind took had just received outstanding grades and started his the previous day at Grammar in one of most highly rated state has been very difficult for and police to find the teenager because he took no electronic equipment with him and has no bank account. No footage of him has been found. His parents have to towns on the south coast and cities including and to try to find putting up posters and speaking to hospitals and homeless charities. He is described as of slight build with light brown hair. may now have considerably shorter possibly Missing People. Call 116 000. 116 000. with information about can also contact the police by calling 101 or emailing quoting log 255 of 14 
Police failings are subjecting crime victims to of up to eight months to secure the crucial digital evidence needed to prosecute a wave of the police watchdog has Inspectorate of Constabulary said too many forces had failed to keep up with changes in the nature of offending. As a some victims of digital harassment or domestic abuse are on the police and some suspects are police forces are unable to get the basics of digital crime fighting such as downloading evidence from mobile said. It also said some forces could claims came as the police inspectorate published its annual assessment of force from is taking quite literally months on occasions to get a digital download off a mobile phone of an alleged She said she knew of cases where it had taken eight including in an allegation of domestic time and delay cannot be afforded to bring the perpetrator to justice. They may be the victim may simply give up on supporting police Mike from said the best forces were partnering up with universities to get extra digital said the failing had to be fixed are real threats. They range from the most serious kind of national terrorism threats down to ... an attempt to get you to part with your money through an email. urgency of the issue is not matched by the urgency with which the service is crime has changed and much offending is now linked to digital devices or computers. Thus with traditional crime forces needed people to collect forensic evidence such as fingerprints and For new crime officers need to be able to seize data from electronic devices such as and then secure that in a form suitable for presenting in a court as well as be able to sift through what is relevant and what is we are saying is that they are being overwhelmed. There is evidence that there is far too much of this evidence coming in for forces to meet that findings on efficiency rated eight out of 43 forces as substandard. They were City of and and South were rated as and West 
has made her first public appearance since conceding the election to Trump a week challenging supporters to continue the fight for a country that is inclusive and will admit coming here tonight the easiest thing for told the audience in on night. have been a few times this past week when all wanted to do was just to curl up with a good book or our dogs and never leave the house ever Trump renews war with media as transition chaos continues Read was scheduled to appear at the event a gala for the Defense where she began her career more than four decades ago before her stunning defeat. The Wright a longtime introduced to the predominantly female audience as noting that she was leading the popular vote by more than 1 million know that over the past week a lot of people have asked themselves whether is the country we thought it said. divisions laid bare by this election run deep. listen to me when I say is worth it. Our children are worth it. Believe in our country and fight for our values and ever give up. words of often repeated by President arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward I know sometimes it can feel awfully long believe I know. But I also know it does chose to honor the commitment to address the an aide describing the event as a In as a law heard speak at University and approached her to inquire about an internship. said the organization had no money to hire but if she could find a she was she said on has always been able to figure out how to get done whatever had to be Twitter receives a standing ovation at the Defense Fund gala at the in Chip invoked her late whose resilience in the face of a difficult childhood was a central part of her message on the campaign dream of going up to her and taking her in my arms and look at me and listen. You will her voice wavering. will have a family of your own three children. And as hard as it might be to your daughter will grow up to be a United States represent our country as secretary of state and win more than 62 million votes for president of the United spoke shortly after her rival for the Democratic vehemently denied claims that he had contributed to her a letter to the New a professor of government and sociology at claimed campaign had been undermined by Sanders during a bruising primary refusal to concede in a timely way as won many millions more votes and his constant harping that she was furthered message and contributed to the catastrophic Sanders told an audience at a Politics and Prose event at University on campaign brought millions of people into the I suspect the overwhelming majority of whom ended up voting for emails from campaign chair John published by Sanders say the very the National was not a neutral force in the campaign and we had to take on virtually the entire Democratic establishment. Do I think our campaign in a sense made a better I the end of the primary he was against the Keystone pipeline and Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal and supported free college tuition. The Democratic platform is now the in US Sanders losing the Sanders received 18,183 votes on election day in according to its secretary of putting him third behind and Trump with nearly of the Sanders was appointed to a junior role in the Senate leadership responsible for outreach. During his part of a book he said the party should move away from centrist you go out and raise substantial amounts of money from the wealthy and Wall Street and other powerful special interests and then convince the people that you are on the side of workers and the middle or do you finally have to say that we are going to take on the we are going to take on Wall Street and the drug companies and the insurance companies and the corporate and we are going to bring millions of people together to create a very different type of party than currently That is a fundamental difference that exists between Bill and and and urge Democrats to rebuild party after election defeat Read like beat in states such as and said Senate Democrats would be willing to work with the new president on economic issues that benefit working families. the end of the campaign he was actually using the term that many Democrats use. He was saying that he was going to be the champion of the working class. we have a list of everything that you and we are going to hold you to Sanders vowed to oppose earning a huge cheer from the many of them students. He called on Trump to rescind his appointment of of the News as chief president of the United States should not have a racist at his side. elections 
I was involved in a minor shunt while driving more than two years ago. It was my fault so I notified my and was told it would settle with the other insurer. Months I received a letter informing me a county court judgment had been made against me for an unpaid insurance claim of This was the first I had heard about the debt or the court case. A firm contacted by said it had contested the claim for repairs from the third party. The other driver then filed for the judgment. So much time has elapsed that the can no longer be removed from the register. held its hands up and sent me a goodwill payment. thanks to the I have been refused an application for a bank account has been turned and my business expansion plans have been set back. considers the case closed. The most frightening aspect of this case is the fact that a can be issued against someone without their knowledge. are meant to be a last resort for creditors wanting to recover a debt. If a court finds in their a charge can be put on the home and the judgment remains on their credit file for six making it almost impossible to obtain a mortgage or even a phone contract. Defendants are notified of court action via an address supplied by the creditor and if they do not respond within 14 days the judgment is passed. This means that if the address is incorrect or out of date they lose their chance to argue their year 740,000 of the total were signed off by courts to recover alleged debts in the absence of the many of like owed nothing to which took more than two months to respond to me about your says an internal caused the insurer to take the legal route. over the course of six the third party insurers issued no warning to us that they were considering legal says a spokesperson. only communication was the legal issued directly to the policyholder once legal proceedings had which unfortunately was not you only have a year to get a contested removed from the court you have been deprived of the chance to clear your but says it has to get it hidden so it will no longer affect your credit rating. It will consider more compensation if you can prove that your business has been you need help email at or write to Your The Kings 90 Include an address and phone number. problems with 
I look at pictures of men my age and wonder if women look as much alike as men do in their seventh decade. I doubt because most of us come with accessories. realistic by this stage of life. looking for a best an as well as an We expect he will come with thinning loose skin and stiff same as us. The photos men put up are often blurry. The most popular pose is the in a bathroom mirror. When I spot a photo of a go on to read his profile. Often read as many as 50 before finding one engaging enough to respond initial message will respond to something he mentioned in his profile. I keep it because well over half never acknowledge my introduction. an example of a note I fired off to a literary gentleman in Lost in Translation. in agreement. Guy was a brilliant writer. I admire his short story your really the mother who smokes Read could see he read my note right yet he took several hours to reply you the best of luck in your Clearly we will not be discussing the work of Guy over a fine even though he is seven years older and two inches shorter than most men on dating Lost in preferred age range begins at 30 years his junior. I am contacted by gentlemen 30 years my junior. But while a good many appear intelligent and I would trade the lot of them for a terrific man my own as comfortable in his skin as I am in Tell us what really thinking email really 
The former finance director of software group Autonomy has been accused by US prosecutors of and paying individuals who questioned his financial a filed on and seen by the is alleged to have masterminded an elaborate financial fraud designed to deceive and a investigation by the US Department of the company director is facing a criminal trial in If found he could serve up to 20 years in prison and a be forced to pay penalty. the computing paid to buy Autonomy five years the biggest ever takeover of a technology group. Mike the Autonomy collected over for his while received HP now claims it overpaid because directors exaggerated the who holds an and advises the government as a member of its council for science and has not been charged. Sources said this weekend that prosecutors may be hoping to pressure into turning against his former boss and providing evidence with which to prosecute Lynch. an alternative source familiar with the legal process questioned this saying the statute of limitation would now have passed and action against Lynch could no longer be indictment is squaring up for a legal battle. He has retained John the elite US attorney who defended banned cyclist Lance during the justice investigation into doping by professional cyclists. He is best known for successfully prosecuting White House aide Oliver North over the veteran and marine corps leader who went on to become one of most formidable other clients have included the Black Panther party leader Cleaver and Frank an investment banker who overturned three trials before being exonerated over allegations linked to the stock market listing of companies during the said in an emailed statement that his client would be at He said was innocent of had defrauded no and had acted at all times the highest standards of integrity and is a shame that the Department of Justice is lending its support to attempts to blame others for its own catastrophic said in the email. is a citizen who properly applied accounting rules for a company. This issue does not belong in a US criminal one of the more serious the indictment alleges that on 28 Autonomy to fire a finance officer in the United States who questioned whether financial statements were accurately have not named the individual concerned. in a case brought by HP against Lynch and in high court last the employee is identified as chief financial officer in the US until his dismissal on 28 prosecutors allege that together with in a fraudulent scheme to investors in objective was to ensure Autonomy exceeded the quarterly projections for its revenue and profit maintain and increase the position within the to enrich themselves and others through salaries and and to make Autonomy more attractive to potential purchasers and long list of charges claims the director misled market made false entries in company and made and misleading statements to regulators in response to inquiries about its financial is also accused of and paying off persons who raised complaints about or openly financial practices and claims against and Lynch were made by HP last year. The US which acquired Autonomy in a doomed attempt to transform itself from a manufacturer of personal computers and printers into a more profitable software is suing the pair at the high court in is claiming in damages in what is believed to be the largest ever civil prosecution against nationals. Its suit claims US finance was dismissed after raising concerns with the and with the then the Financial Services Authority sent an email to the on 26 allegedly raising a red flag over dealings with resellers of its software. Autonomy was once a leading light in the cluster of tech firms around university. It in corporate search designed to speed up the process of trawling through massive databases of text and audio is HP for claiming the firm has ruined his reputation. Neither of the cases is expected to go to trial before claims that attempted to blow the regulators did not open a major investigation until after HP had made its first complaint about accounting improprieties at Autonomy. The Serious Fraud which led the dropped the case in citing evidence for a realistic prospect of a has placed his earnings from Autonomy into a new Invoke which invests in tech firms. He joined on a trade mission to China in and is due to speak at a conference by the website in in acquisitions and and 
Shares in have followed the US and lower as a poll showing Trump in the lead in the presidential election spooked is bucking the up to as it settled a dispute with its pilots and analysts double upgraded from reduce to buy. said the airline had a strong strategic position and would benefit from fuel price improvements next year. Its shares had lost around so far this year after warning on particularly in the wake of the vote. also raised its rating on up to from reduce to hold and Next year and will benefit from significant fuel price in contrast to their low cost whose fuel hedging has seen the benefit from falling market prices sooner. and remain the strategic winners in the market with solid strategic positions and strong balance sheets. Despite current commercial and operational we continue to see it as one of the two market Next is up to after the retailer maintained its full year profit forecast at helped by cost savings and despite tough trading conditions. The news helped lift peer Marks by to the 100 has fallen 25.30 points to 6891.84. financial analyst at A fresh batch of election jitters has swept the markets this investors fretting over news that Trump has taken the lead in a national is still ahead in the majority of the fact that the Republican nominee has clawed his way back to being a potential victor in the aftermath of the email scandal has sent a wave of fear through first the and now the are also cautious ahead of the latest Federal Reserve statement even though most pundits expect the central bank to keep rates unchanged as the election warning from that it would downgrade the sovereign rating if it lost access to the single market has not helped Chartered is leading the down to 648.1 after disappointing shares are also under pressure on growth with down at and falling to precious metal specialists have moved higher as gold and silver continue to be seen as havens for nervous investors. Resources has risen to and is up to has put on to as the said sales were since despite the but said it would be more cautious about land buying as the begins talks to leave the the has climbed to following an announcement that nine month revenues had risen But pubs group is down at as it warned of higher costs in terms of wages and and said sales had slowed in the and chairman Martin also hit out at leaders over the leave Forces 
On swastikas and the words were discovered in graffiti on a jungle gym in Heights. By the scrawl had been erased and in its place was a pile of chrysanthemums and tiny paper hearts as a rally echoed across the condemning the failure of J. Trump to address a rash of hate crimes linked to his name. came to the park and wrote not nice things said quietly to his at the crouching beside him near the jungle gym. were the bad the boy asked. His father could not answer. tried are the good The park where the graffiti was found is named after the rapper better known as of the who died in 2012. At the rally on his longtime known as called on New Yorkers to reject the hateful messages of the defacement and many other episodes in New in recent weeks against blacks and other minority groups. is homegrown terrorism for said. He was joined at the podium in the middle of the park by several a rabbi and a elected who led the crowd in singing the national Shall and Land Is Your Reports of hate crimes in New City have increased over 30 percent this to 328. hate crimes rose to 111 from 102. were the target of 25 reported attacks this year as of compared with 12 over the same period last according to data compiled by the police. was born to a mother and a Catholic father and converted to Speaking at the Baptist Church in on Gov. M. a announced measures to fight the including the creation of a State Police unit that would combat what he called the of hate crimes in our The new unit would consist of investigators who specialized in bias crimes and who would aid the district attorneys in prosecuting according to the office. a small triangular space in an upscale was thronged with hundreds of some of whom climbed the playground equipment and sat on the monkey bars. They lined State Street when the park became too holding children and shaggy dogs. One woman an infant while she stood cheering. A few held signs that riffed on lyrics once sung by the artist and activist for whom the park was named. Sleep Till No Hate in one placard a reference to a Boys anthem. Speakers at the including Representative M. and State Senator L. both blamed whose language during the they deepened divisions. hate is carried out in his name and he says Squadron said through a becomes his Spokesmen for a did not respond to emails requesting comment. In an appearance on John A. radio show on P. the New City police said that language publicized in the weeks before the election had added to the problem. trends are a bit he said. been a lot of rhetoric over the last month. And had an in hate Limited data from around the country points to an increase in hate crimes this but Prof. the director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at State University in cautioned that the reason for the change was unclear. Hate crimes typically spike after a such as an election or an act of he said. appears to be an Professor I think we can conclusively say whether they will be At the rally in ended his speech with some of his lyrics. Queens and he said as the crowd recited with him. the Battery to the top of Middle Eastern and white New you make it Behind on the jungle gym that had so recently borne the children played.
Well. How bout that. At 2-0 up it looked all Easy Rider with as Hopper but you discount the reigning Premiers and even with this horrific injury list. A great attempted but to no avail can take but for his men a 2-1 looked very good value for all three points for a good of that encounter but without the experienced heads of and on the pitch you just worried for a moment that they might roll perhaps lacking a real link player in attack the if you to link up with who despite his toil looked isolated at times. showed promise once and all of the youngsters who came in offered hope for the but you very much wonder what a or might have brought to that last ten will take after Cup heroics midweek. a third win in and they roll on nicely in the league after last upset at the hands of 90 4 think all over it is courageous late challenge from the but all in vain. City have the three and a relieved John van puffs out the cheeks. 90 3 Great chase by he draws a throw in out of Rose. in the corner and a to City. Is that 90 Handball called against but still the case. and break up the and heads for the corner does well in midfield and now the Reds attack down the left. and look to double up on but the former Nix player stands tall. Good off for a they done enough 89 with the share of as expect they still build probing and to see if they can find an opening. been all round the outside and down the flanks from both sides neither have necessarily really split each other straight down the guts. 87 then brings down getting scrappy right at the whips in another good and is forced to clear his lines. Corner to to send in once finds La But header amid heavy traffic. 85 Now that heads to the van is staggering his substitutions here to break up the as is his prerogative. On comes a tug on La replays but warrant perhaps a harsh one if that was handed a goes straight through who rolls between sixteen and he got the ball but some definite feeling there. A for the early 83 appeals for a penalty was there a tug on La says but they might have had a shout the alleged looking lively on the left been lively since his inclusion. 81 Muscat fouls looks to beat his marker out wide. Now he clips in another but dives to looks to but a bubbling deflection of the shin of almost sets up a backpedals rapidly and just tips it What an that could have to the starting to build something now. 79 remember City just come on for what can this young striker flashes a header just wide after a very fine ball in from And then also goes in the for a cynical break in play with racing it starting to bubble What type of last ten do we have in heads replaced by Nick 77 A scampering counter attack with driving the charge through the middle. As push further forward for the gaps increasingly open the then blots his copybook with a frankly horror tackle on Shades of in that one as he leaps in and catches the right looks and a yellow for 75 A break in play now as stays down after a challenge from want to tempt fate with 15 to but credit where credit is due has adjudicated this one very capably thus far. 73 tries his hand at this delivery but even worse than Easily cut out by the Reds young jogs on for what can he bring to the 71 A sixth corner for the home after fine close control from not best before and combine to test at his near and in the process picking up another corner. So lively and would you believe the same combination have almost picked each other out on a lightning counter A corner. 68 So game on now taken the bravado out of the home crowd. To their credit still cheering their side with voice and picks out the but his final ball is poor. City look to counter but with a sloppy final pass for No excuses for midweek tiredness only made a cameo of the bench. 66 comes on and goes into the book gifting United another set piece. Surely they fashion a intricately worked which as always is code tried something really and completely botched 64 With City apparently very much in control a moment of real quality from who round his opposite number and puts a cross bisects his and far too easily were they expecting the to come claim just Oh City hope their trademarked from seasons past about to rear 63 may be looking to freshen things up here of the and Cup wonder could be about to come on for just his 4th minute of action. Incidentally just notched up 23,000 in the 60 Home fans now in fine and why not even without their lads are putting on another imposing display thus with a long raking ball looking for almost a miracle ball there but well intercepted by goes down with only just back from that so perhaps a touch short of full match fitness. 57 we made much of midweek and how they might be facing some tiredness late in this game but can anyone see getting three not created great moments strikes of the frame that but Reds fans will hope they only need goals in 33 games for Now that is some track record. 55 How do you like Facing one of the best in the history of the clips it straight and high a and has no 52 Now in the book the fourth yellow card of the tries another and as City win a corner who joins his teammate with a for his late clattering tackle on going from bad to worse for here the balls played in and with the and it strikes the arm of does 50 getting the better of on that great little tussle that one. Now who rotates into the wide space as cuts and his side have won a corner combination between and and an excellent ball puts it on a platter for He heads over from about six yards too much on that already stinging cross from 47 For fans of the Park be assured they are out in strong numbers tonight. strong numbers. Reminds me of a Test match about fifteen years back when one of the batsman cracked an unwitting pigeon out on and Bill in commentary was almost beside himself with emotion. Scenes. 45 And back I brush chip crumbs off the tell the big boss. No changes from either not that have necessarily fancied any after that first offering no real weak spots or glaring tactical deficiencies. Troy offered his thoughts on that of one half a dozen of the both a touch and arguably entirely fair. did make contact with the face of the City player but he really did make a meal of it and certainly by rugby standards it was nowhere near a decent two cents otherwise on that first opening Feel free to offer us your version of what happened there bonus points if you only use City very much in control under the watchful eyes of and pulling the strings with and lively as stats suggest it was more even than perhaps it City only shading possession but they did presumably a lot more with it. Nine shots to four and except for that late header all the best efforts came from update on yellow card for touching the referee apparently. Not obviously. But by the letter of the law. 45 Wow. Great drama right at the with a and remarkably after all happened in the first 45 minutes only the width of the crossbar prevented the Reds from going in on an even ball to the far post and a run not been picked up I want to say but to be deadly honest the office cleaners just turned the vacuum on and missed the commentary.. It is ALL happening here at Guardian as well as at Park evidently. 42 Not sure if still has their option but as things on the pitch drift into a lull treated to an extensive close up of the great in the crowd in his another for City and to wickedly curled in just evades the first man and it flies off an boot behind for a That could have gone absolutely the resulting corner who has a shot cleared off the before lofts an attempted effort just over the moments for Reds fans take a whistle about now hazard. 40 continue to play out from the and this time almost caught in possession by They have to be careful the Reds not subscribing to once twice shy and fair the way has them and presumably take the good with the bad. 37 maybe there is some spite out there and have a coming together and the City midfield falls to the ground dramatically. claiming a poke in the but that looks a touch a yellow card out is it for simulation by or a second yellow for the for the skipper not entirely sure perhaps something in the ensuing officiated by it would have been a real if had gone then for what frankly a big load of not much. 35 Meanwhile in the book for a block on Too wily from the good to see not just agricultural defenders who fall for his with a raking pass to find called offside but replays suggest that was harsh on the Unlucky there was something on there. 33 tangles with and perhaps unlucky not to be booked the That was a crude and the limps away all bustle and bump the but the type of player every teammate wants. 31 A rare give away from and almost picks out with a long lofted but La pins the ears back to test but win the corner. 29 First yellow Rose in the and to be fair it seemed reasonably City left back has been pinged for possibly an but just a hand in the throat of a young opponent. Nothing malicious there. 27 again pulls out wide to deliver a teasing got such a strong does the former Roar man. They may have lost in the but not lost too much in the set piece department. whipping in a fine delivery after was clattered. scramble clear. 25 And out of crashing one against the Not much on but done well to skip inside two defenders his shot is a and seems to take an age to scramble across his own goal but his blushes are spared by the base of the upright. 23 Now with the shooting fish in a barrel at the moment. Lovely work from he clips a cross in to a charging who collects at the near post but flicks his shot just wide. one to ever look flustered but even the veteran eyes must have lit up then. Great passage. 21 Josh Rose now fires off a very much City in the ascendancy in front of their own fans. Now and exchanging tight but the former City man fails to pull the trigger. Not known for his but he plays such a crucial role in the heart of the City midfield. 19 Lovely interchange between and been prominent the winger. Great quick feet as he tries to skip round and after a gets away a but scuffed and troubled. 17 Great skill from to beat his man but the left back recovers to concede a corner. with the amid a crowded pack of but it drifts to the left of upright. 15 Straight into the look the sharpest that alas for Reds City looking slightly more content to sit back and allow the ball at the back. Why already reaped dividends once. 13 What can muster a daunting early task now been and a scowling and prowling on the touch fired the warning and then he like hitting them at Stadium went even goes in heavily on left foot appears to fancy this one from just to the side of the box. 11 Oh dear. The Reds look to play out from the but trapped in possession. Great pressing from I and then it falls to captain just outside the box and he fires a great curling effort. no chance lovely 10 Wow. we said was here to watch but he mind the early sightings of The young winger finds himself with a touch of inside one defender before firing off an improbable rocket looks to have it covered but it still flicks the top of the great driven shot and confidence from the veteran in leaving it. 8 launches a quick counter looking for but just two long and goes into touch. Reds players remonstrating in for a perceived late challenge from on La 6 City probe down right but does well to intercept. Well won back by and a sumptuous ball from finds out wide. He swings in a lovely cross and who gets a shot away deflected behind for a 4 pinged for the starting his run just too close up of in the stands most likely having a good look at who named in his extended squad of 30 for the next World Cup fixture against 2 First early look for does well out wide and just for half a second it looks like has space on the edge of the box but he dallies before trying an ambitious lofted chip that sails harmlessly over. 1 And under in trademark City in white with light blue trim. City with early just caressing round the and not being pressed too heavily. is our man with the whistle tonight so all your haters can go back to burning ants with magnifying be excessive feeling between these two Victory and might have had their in the but that original v rivalry necessarily translated to these two clubs. That they do have a decent record of poaching each so watch this players are in the and just a few moments away. A stack of changes for both teams therefore for remains on the bench with Dean preferred to the veteran Premier League comes in for fellow who along with is rested after their midweek Cup looks like van might shift back to a 4-3-3 with coming in against his old and also returning from concussion to possibly haunt his former or for the youngster flies into the starting XI what a big moment for the teenage with also coming a pretty experienced for the but an extremely young looking bench. Watch for released by City in May to look for minutes against his old teammates. Our respective sets of players are just warming up kickoff not too far away. Some team news City team is in for La Hall United how will line up in this What do you think the score will 2016 Evening Rich in the as advertised on the can. Looking forward to a decent battle between these two the reigning champions and the pretenders to the we love to hear from the people are you following this coverage from anywhere especially you get reception whilst scuba never What do you make largely me a tweet or via email to join the coverage as always a better ride with you along. not been the ideal start to their title for the champions gone within one minute of remaining unbeaten twice in a row and after 90th minute slip ups against Victory and Wanderers imagine will be dreading added time with the likes of City suffered their own late slip up last as a rampaging upset the early form with his 85th minute be boosted by the key announcement midweek media campaign was urged and he duly announced found was a decision reportedly largely driven by the presence of but if the youngster has made the long trek from his home to support his new side then in for bad made the squad this weekend after a midweek knock sustained in that bruising Cup against rivals themselves are having a horror run of injuries after Jack crude challenge put on the sidelines for a few months now the news that no or around let alone who remains on the sideline with a foot tough proposition for the Reds but if anyone remembers their turnaround after round 8 last be a brave person to write them off intriguing match up therefore lost on the road in their last eleven matches. Can a fatigued City delight their home or can the Reds carry out a mission of their Find out shortly. will be here shortly. In the in case you missed review of last including Muscat as Tom in a corporate hospitality box and Squires on ... an eventful third round of the season Read more
The greatest Night Live tradition of them all is the hallowed tradition of the cold when the characters only really break the fourth wall when they from New may walk backstage or in the case of and several blocks south and west to Times Square to embrace people who look like their supporters but always in Hanks makes dads great again as Trump tics on Read when they ran back in the studio as a Rock the Vote now time to get out there and vote. None of this will have mattered if you said we tell you who to vote but on we all get to chose what kind of country we want to live said before they shouted the cold parts where Trump kissed the and the while insisted on focusing on emails were Night Live is even a welcomed the audience so great to be hosting Night Live on the last weekend of as we know Then he encouraged us to as though watching television at on a needed any he performed the most version possible of the theme from during which revealed herself as a and he revealed his feminist discomfort with the Night Live reveals his true feelings about the also asked him to read her and the case of the missing and he called himself all while other cast members played the chorus and played his think all actors just hang out together all the just go with perched on Toiler by Night Live The Toilet by he picked his which was a weird for the first the Game Show network show is member Beck with the girl in the cast has been so horny for this dude all week as a just trying to figure that Night Live explains why is hot. admitted he had an ... for the Night Live like we got to the bottom of this... for a boring taped with as a professor questioning his sexuality because of a really dumb undergraduate named It was most notable for the excellent the last accent and snickering like Grandma is getting at 83 at her surprise her drunken female friends and relatives miss her deadly heart attack. Two construction worker one of whom is portrayed by abuse her cover her in whipped and then dry hump her face. At the three members of the World Series champion Cubs show up to grind on her while wants to hit a granny was funnier on Weekend at a palate Night Live of came weekend in which hosts and hit on the disclosure that there were new emails for the to review because of always pops up at the worst possible said said has to be annoyed at running against Trump and being criticized over her like giving up weed for a job interview and then losing the job to a then slammed impassioned plea for people to be nicer to one another on the Trump called his speech fake and and also hit the after which come together as a country to begin that long journey toward impeaching whomever we just elected. Because on the fate of our country is finally in the hands of the people who truly the teenagers who will hack into our voting did bring back at the Church who have much to say about the election itself but told just a comic with a belly full of booze and a dressing room full of She also insisted he was which ... I I guess funny to call people that read incredibly straight gay Night Live having you on Church a few jokes about the random news stories of the and brought on the winners of The Voice which is unaffiliated with the juggernaut reality show but who cares. It was Bill and three Cubs Night Live trio of and some guy who used to work many lifetimes gathered for their number one their music. at one point had fucks to he is all out. And in New at were then treated to a cartoon that looked like a crappy featuring But it was actually an ad by the super Future which is led by the founder of and whose largest donor is in the comedy desert that is often the Update a poorly animated Super commercial was at least more entertaining than the next which featured as a and roll whose girlfriend doing what I think was an version of what think a cockney accent gives an erection. that was the punchline. The featuring as an evil villain who insists on giving the law enforcement heroes a way to avoid certain death by answering riddles would have been if it been a joke in the Powers series. And the final in which a couple of hospital administrators ask for money from a rich whose assistant is who turns out to be just a bald eagle statue atop a suit funny to people who solicit money for a living and have to jump through hoops and pretend the emperor is quite actually. To anyone still watching and it was just sort of the election but something about corpse and later finding out that future is controlled by those in the thrall of a mass delusion that funny. Maybe just too Night Night Live elections 
About 243 million turkeys were raised in the United States this year. For butcher the workload at this time of year is nonstop. Take in the Market in The company will have nearly 1,000 turkeys ready for Thanksgiving. The freshly slaughtered birds are already arriving. even rented a refrigerator truck to store the overflowing inventory. This is the busiest holiday of the according to the The butcher shop began planning and placing its Thanksgiving orders six months while the rest of us were gathering for Memorial Day barbecues and 4 fireworks. take a long so these birds have been on the ground for a said whose company specializes in humanely white turkeys. big thing is how raised no no a purely vegetarian he said. freshness. Most of the turkeys you buy in the supermarket were slaughtered between two and six months and not a very nice Like so many who are celebrating Thanksgiving in the turkeys are not native New Yorkers. They are raised on small farms in slaughtered at Road Poultry Farm in northern New and butchered and sold at the stall in your plate. For which opened in this year has presented an unusual politics. A subject that many try to avoid at the dinner table has nonetheless seemed to have had an effect on turkey sales so far. election messed with things a little told us. think that people are not thinking about the holidays in the way they normally would they had other things on their minds this year. Usually we see a huge boost in sales in the few weeks before and this we see that at Even as of this had already sold about 875 of the 925 turkeys they were stocking. Need some help preparing your Check out The favorite Thanksgiving recipes. what else is the first snow of the season. Look out for light flurries and feeling frosty outside. Arctic winds will push and pull you about the streets wind advisory is in effect until 10 And it will feel below freezing between 25 and Winter coat You bet. A look inside a million contract with lawyers that details the cost of defending Mayor Bill in a federal investigation over Bayou shipyards in and are on a tight schedule to build ferries for New by next the deadline Mayor has set for his ferry service. After what he called an of hate Gov. M. of New unveiled a new police unit to investigate episodes in the state. Hundreds rallied on in named after a member of the Boys who died in after it was daubed with swastikas and graffiti. ... ... Demonstrators gathered outside the Organization of annual gala in Midtown on to protest against K. J. chief who was scheduled to speak. And nearly 500 protesters marched from Queens to Trump Tower in on to demonstrate against the As accommodation costs New University is beginning a pilot program that will house students with older citizens. Forced to leave as a a woman yearns for the life she knew then. Metropolitan Old Ways Are Sometimes the Only knock off 104-94. Giants buck 22-16. Trail Blazers 129-109. Panthers pounce on 3-2. For a global look at see Your Briefing. See Swift a new exhibition about the pop at Seaport District in the South Street Seaport. 10 to 9 The Architectural League hosts a lecture with the artist and community organizer Gates at the New School in Village. 7 tickets a risqu rendition of the opens at the Theater in Fort 8 start at Indulge in some Night Magic at the Players Theater in Village. 8 The Secret Science Club presents a talk on mating behavior at the Bell House in 8 Rangers at 7 Devils at Subway and PATH Check traffic map or radio report on the or the in effect until 24. Island New East River Ferry La Thanksgiving is just three days away. As we mentioned last New Today would like to know how you would finish this sentence just a few This I am thankful for Please tell us what you think in the comments or send us an email at including your full age and the neighborhood where you live. We plan to publish a selection of comments later this week.
Apple and other devices have long had an airplane mode that shuts off wireless communications to prevent interference with the vast electronics systems that control modern aircraft. Now federal auto safety regulators want makers of these devices to add a driver mode to modify or block certain and features to keep a attention on the road. The initiative comes in the form of voluntary guidelines that will be issued by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. They arrive amid a spike in traffic fatalities in the last two years and increasing concerns about the distractions posed by and the many that are using while behind the wheel. becomes so many different things that not just a communication secretary of the Transportation said in an interview. is still a problem. Too many people are dying and being injured on our The guidelines call on electronics manufacturers like Apple and to design future operating systems that limit the functionality and simplify interfaces while a vehicle is in motion and to develop technology to identify when the devices are being used by a driver while driving. That would ensure the limits are placed on drivers and not other vehicle occupants. The new guidelines from are the first recommendations specifically for portable devices that are used while driving. The agency cannot force electronics companies to but in the past it issued a set of guidelines for the navigation and entertainment systems built into cars by the manufacturer and adopted for the most part. The airplane mode has been around about as long as The Federal Aviation Administration had required turning off electronics before but that rule was relaxed to allow the use of in flight as long as they had their communications shut off. That led to airplane which the had in 2007. there are varying degrees of recognition in the tech community that when building an or a or contemplating a strong possibility that someone could be trying to use that in the said. In the first six months of highway deaths increased 10.4 to according to preliminary data compiled by At that more than 100 people die every day in traffic accidents. In traffic fatalities rose 7.1 it was the largest annual percentage increase in traffic deaths in 50 years. Part of the increase in road deaths can be explained by the improving higher employment numbers and low gasoline all of which are causing to drive more than they did just a few years during the depths of the recession. In an interview in Mark the said the increase in miles traveled was not enough by itself to explain this spike in injuries and deaths. fatalities are occurring more frequently even when the increased travel is factored in. and other safety experts think one factor is distracted driving. In their distractions and the allure of other devices and electronics have multiplied greatly since the dangers of distracted driving entered the national consciousness years ago. At that the main distracting activities were and talking on the phone. Now a wide range of and games also tempt drivers to reach for their phones. the maker of recently modified the game to prevent it from operating while moving at speeds of more than about 10 miles per a spokeswoman for the company said. She declined to give further details on the modifications because did not want users to find ways to get around she said. The change was made after a spate of accidents was blamed on drivers who were playing the game while at the wheel. think Go is something any driver should be using at any said. Makers of have added some technology that can be used to reduce the distraction of electronics. have a do not disturb feature that can block incoming calls and and a silent mode that eliminates the chimes and other audio cues that signal the arrival of a new message or posting on Many now include software in their newest models. When an is connected to the vehicle via the software limits the drivers can use to Apple the music service and others that are used while traveling. Drivers can have the system read new texts aloud and dictate responses. There are and other products that can be used to block incoming communications in cars. One called Mode lets parents monitor if a phone is used for or email while in a vehicle. The guidelines encourage makers to ensure their devices pair up with electronics so drivers can use their buttons and screen to control A driver mode would present a simplified interface and detect when the device is being used by a driver. In this a would block any video or distracting eliminate scrolling and prohibit keypad use for or email. Any social media content or content from web pages like news reports should be blocked as the guidelines say.
going for has three words to strike terror into the souls of the sane. Tradition has it that on 5 the people of St shall run through the streets of the town carrying flaming barrels of tar above their heads. Why Tradition has it. The West Country is full of fire and light festivals as autumn tumbles towards winter. No after than throwing effigies of Trump on a bonfire. Some say St Guy night tradition was to cleanse the streets of or maybe rats. These days all about prowess. Only families born and bred can take part in the dozens of barrel runs around the old streets from pub to pub. In these days of banned bonfires and and safety we can only applaud this plucky town. is fond of its quaint customs. The parish church peals out the Song three times a and just wait till you hear what the townsfolk get up to with the on Pixie case against No There are hills in A little Wicker Man from this end of the need to head to half an hour to 20 to the St Primary but nearby St John and are says with West Hill and The School is out The Rusty Pig locally sourced veg and and run like a supper club on to Good too. coffee play to buy is a predictably pretty with old streets of cottages and town houses huddling round the parish its twin transept towers echoing those of cathedral. a nice line in cottages. Explore the country lanes and villages like St John. Large and town and smaller town Terraces and a house might be of the week detached house with a lovely little with move to and the lower where sightseeing began Read the streets love that a walk to the countryside yet still only 15-20 minutes to drive to A bit of flooding happens every now and independent and restaurants. Traffic can get crazy. Not a huge amount for teenagers to Live in St Join the debate you live in East Do you have a haunt or a pet If email by 8 move to 
It is a daunting proposition to put million apartments on the market in a quiet industrial city in the west of where even the fanciest neighborhoods are lined with squat housing blocks. But the developers of Trump Towers an elegant pair of have an extraordinary new marketing tool they are moving quickly to the of the United States. Since J. Trump won the they have celebrated the growth that win could bring to their even flying to New last week to meet with the and his family as he was assembling his cabinet. will see a tremendous jump in valuation in terms of the second said R. a consultant who helped organization make inroads into the market five years ago. have a Trump flat or branded. that recall value. If they know Trump they definitely know him In just under nine Trump will take control of a portfolio of public business between the United States and the two largest supervising debates over issues including climate maritime shadowboxing with China and the nuclear standoff with The meeting shows that Trump has not fully disengaged from his business ventures even as he leads his presidential and it highlights the potential conflicts he will face going forward if he does not separate himself from a brand that has been constructed around his persona. In a telephone one of the developers who met last week with played down the appointment as a congratulatory conversation in which no business was transacted and no new projects were discussed. But newspapers in reported it as a business illustrated with a photograph of the beaming real estate executives and flanking the future and indicated that the builders and organization are planning further collaborative real estate projects. confirmed to The New Times on that this account of the meeting in New which included discussions with the Trump family about possible additional real estate deals was accurate. A spokeswoman for the Trump Organization did not dispute this account saying only that the encounter with Trump himself was brief. have identified a piece of land and spoken to told The Business a daily newspaper in who posted photos of himself wearing a Great hat on social media during the presidential did not respond to repeated requests for comment from The Times. Three prominent ethics lawyers said in interviews on that the interaction between Trump and his business partners from does not appear to violate federal laws or ethics nor would it even if he had already been sworn in. This is in part because the unlike members of Congress and most other federal is exempt from such requirements. But each lawyer agreed the activities created the appearance that Trump and his business partners are using his status as a way to profit. is unprecedented in modern said D. a lawyer who has represented more than a dozen members of Congress in ethics cases. this is the new S. a lawyer who helped write ethics law and the former president of the nonprofit Center for Governmental said that anytime Trump has a meeting with a foreign government leader where one of his projects is based a list that includes the United the South and questions may arise as to whether he took any action that might benefit his investments. already looks like he is using his position as to promote something in that would benefit him Stern said. is not presidential or at least presidential before Hope a spokeswoman for transition declined on to comment. A spokeswoman from the Trump Organization declined to address questions about the appropriateness of Trump meeting with his business and instead pointed to a statement the organization made last week about shifting control of business operations to his children. is a top priority at the and the structure that is ultimately selected will comply with all applicable rules and said the vice president of marketing at the Trump Organization. The towers are the first project to be completed in to be followed in the next few years by a skyscraper in five current projects in are worth around making it most active development market outside North the managing director at Developers and the Trump representative in told The Express last week. In most Trump does not invest in the but instead allows the developers to use his name in return for an undisclosed sum in according to industry analysts. Though each agreement is structured in many cases the brand receives a percentage of meaning Trump stands to benefit directly from increased revenues. Publicity materials focus heavily on Trump and his family. One pitch promises that experience of owning a property and living the Trump lifestyle is Customers requesting information about the units receive an email illustrated with a large photograph of elder seated thoughtfully before a window. The Trump told The Business is so valuable that apartments in the towers sell for 35 percent more than comparable apartments in other developments. Similar projects have been undertaken by the Four Seasons and the said chief operating officer and international director at Property a global real estate company. a branding said. is no skin in the game. You are lending your name. You give some specifications for the project. And you will generate some free But sharing your brand name with developers could backfire. Over the past many unscrupulous developers here allowed projects to stall midway for lack of ready capital and used home deposits to begin work on the next leaving families stripped of their savings to protest helplessly. said Trump so far had partnered with but warned that a poor choice could damage not only but that of the United given the corruption typical of land deals. that small university can get him into you can imagine what could happen with real estate referring to the fraud lawsuit against Trump which Trump settled last week for million. they could have 100 buyers standing outside the me back my Industry observers differed on whether brand image would help increase real estate sales. luxury housing market has been weak for and has been further damaged by a new government drive to stamp out untaxed cash transactions. So some boldface names have reportedly purchased units at the Trump Towers including the actors and The which has close ties to the chief of Nationalist Congress is particularly enthusiastic in its embrace of Trump. Trump has made targeted appeals to for financial holding a major event in in a city with a large number of where Trump called himself big fan of On the morning of the described giving a party for 800 people in honor of first visit in 2014. a local journalist who interviewed as the final results came described him as the former consultant to development said he was confident that more collaborations were forthcoming. He said son Trump has typically taken the lead on advancing deals in but that the also spends ample time with partners. time I have been there with clients from we always have a with he said. is very much passionate about the Many in said they believed demand for the apartments would rise. a said he had been impressed by Trump when he a glimpse of in in 2014. He had heard Trump was close friend of and that he had promised to take a hard line on is right now the which means he is the most powerful person in the said 25. have that liberty. People will obviously want the apartments real estate partners are also taking steps to keep the focus on the told reporters from The Express that he is planning to attend inauguration in
A teacher is no longer employed after a cellphone video showed her berating minority students with language that included a racial the school district said on The who was not named in the statement from the City Public was recorded on disciplining a student in her science class at Park School. After she ejected the student from the she turned to the other students who raised her voice and said she was going to give them all zeros for not doing their work. The who is then called the students and asked them if they wanted to get an education or to be a ass who is gonna get using a common racial slur. On the school authorities said in the statement that the teacher had in verbally abusive behavior and made racially charged comments directed at students. The teacher involved in the incident is no longer employed by city An email seeking including the name of the teacher and what she had told the authorities about the was not answered immediately on by the city schools. The Teachers Union said in a statement that it the language used by the A spokesman for the Ray declined by telephone to answer further including whether the teacher had a lawyer or whether she had been fired. But the chief executive officer of the school said in a telephone interview on afternoon that the woman was an science teacher in her second year. She said she could not provide further details because it was a personnel matter. Ms. said that although many teachers struggled with classroom the teacher the by using the racial epithet. The recording was posted on Twitter by a reporter for The Daily who said it had been sent to him by a reader. The newspaper reported on that the cellphone video was posted on on by a woman named By it had been viewed more than 1.5 million times. Ms. told The Daily News that one of her classmates had recorded the video. She said the teacher had taught her son for two or three years and that she had met with her a very nice Ms. was quoted as saying. say what happened that day. I think she was at a breaking Ms. could not immediately be reached by telephone on
A cinema has a screening of a documentary on rights activism for fear it could be damaging to our following uproar. The Red a documentary by was due to screen at Palace cinema on 6 at an event by Rights The film professes to take a to the rights documenting journey where she would never see the world the same way But it has faced backlash from members of the feminist community and has been as unbalanced and in of rights premiere was on after an petition calling on the cinema to abandon the propaganda eclipsed 2,000 who founded the petition on said the film gave a platform to views similar to those of a whose planned visit to caused a stir with immigration in is the kind of violent message that is totally out of line with values and Smith cancels meetings over safety Read do not associate your cinema with the kind of people who teach men how to violate women physically and emotionally. Please stand with the women and do not promote misogynistic petition was directly referenced by cinema in its email to notify the event and a spokesman for Rights that the screening had been Guardian has contacted for pasted the email above a rival petition on set up to extremists censoring what are allowed to At time of writing it had more than 5,000 signatures. In the the representative of cinema told that much of the feedback to the screening of The Red Pill assumed that it was a decision ... which is potentially damaging to our credibility as we are yet to see the film so cannot stand by its contents in the face of the criticism we are A spokeswoman for Palace Cinemas confirmed that the email pasted by was sent by staff at chief executive of Palace told Guardian on that the decision to cancel the screening was made the absence of any of the filmmakers or what was initially booked as a private screening was being widely and this in turn upset a significant proportion of our who communicated their feelings to us receiving such direct feedback we that irrespective of the its presence in one of our cinemas was offensive to a large section of our core audience and movie club members. Therefore we took the decision to cancel the screening aware that regardless of the decision we a significant number of people would be so we took the decision that we think was best for our customer base at that rallied against the decision on social and called for movie to defend free and host the numbers are on our people want to see The Red so why any movie wiling to stand up to she told the Herald Sun he was to find a new venue to screen her has pulled The Red a film they have not even Read their letter uninformed bullied a theater into censoring but have signed wanting to save THE RED need one theater to defend free speech and screen but they're all saying they don't want to invite told Guardian she was disappointed that a petition filled with raised the response it and that cinema had to cave to these demands ... rather than stand up for still hopeful that The Red Pill will find a courageous cinema to support a screening of the and if that happens I believe that will receive a lot of praise and support from the general public for standing up for free to her portfolio of she said she was a supporter of rights and gay rights. am not a rights even after making The Red but I do believe in having an open about gender equality and what my film is she told the website last year that she had struggled to find executive producers who were prepared to work on a film about the rights found people who wanted to make a feminist the film eventually raised more than on its release has been plagued with much around one of its central the founder of the rights website A Voice for which has published some articles on domestic feminism and I find as a to be a vile piece of human reads one of his posts on the site. find you so pernicious and repugnant that the idea of fucking your shit up gives me an referenced writings in his review of the documentary for the Village Red he was screened in so that outlets like this one get tricked into running reviews even if confer some kind of for taking the he a who and the rights movement on his website We Hunted The on updated his scathing letter to published last to ask readers not to campaign against screenings of The Red Pill. just free publicity for he has has accused of sending her and told Guardian he was a feminist troll ... who has been discredited a countless number of wrote on that petitions against The Red Pill gave and rights activists the opportunity to the part of exactly what they he wrote. please petitions against The Red petitions against The Red petitions against The Red it sink into the obscurity it deserves on its also for taking the 
What proportion of total benefits spending goes to unemployment according to data from the Office for National In the Office for National Statistics calculated that was spent on working age through family income support and tax this includes benefits such as child benefit and support for people on low income. was spent on on housing benefit and on incapacity and disability benefits. Just went to the unemployed. In this dropped to According to research by the Foundation in how many people classed as were from a working The Foundation suggests that 3.8 million people living in poverty live in families where all adults and another 3.1 million live in families where one adult works and one does not. Less than half of people in poverty live in or retired families Unclaimed benefits amount to each according to figures by the Department for Work and Pensions. How much more is this than the amount lost to Five times 10 times In the Department for Work and Pensions declared the total amount unclaimed by people who would be entitled to benefits is likely to be between a 10 times the amount lost due to fraud government losses through tax avoidance reached In the charity found that families were among those missing out the most from unclaimed benefits. 15 times Roughly the same amount According to an estimate from the New how many of the own staff may be eligible to apply for universal credits themselves due to low Up to Up to Up to Up to The figure was suggested in an article by Mark general secretary of the public and commercial services union. In response to a freedom of information request in early the did not dispute the possibility that its own staff may become though they maintained that employees the right to request to be seen by a work coach from another job to respect their From all workers aged 25 or over are entitled to a living What is per The first two figures refer to the hourly rate for the national minimum which was for workers aged 18-20 and for those 21 and over in 2015. The national living wage is to rise to per hour by 2020. How many nationals are claiming unemployment benefit in countries around the At least 12,000 At least 30,000 More than four times as many obtain unemployment benefits in as do in the while the number of jobless receiving benefits in exceeds their counterparts in the by a ratio of Having said of those 30,000 claiming unemployment benefit in the only 62 are living in the 10 countries that have joined since 2004. At least 50,000 At least 100,000 How many claimants of allowance claim for more than a According to Poverty and Social fewer than half of allowance claimants claim for more than 13 weeks at a and fewer than for more than a year. A freedom of information request to the in 2013 revealed that of 1.5 million people claiming only 1,070 had a continuous claim of over 10 years. On this unemployment benefits lead to neither dependency nor unemployment. In 2014 what percentage of housing benefits were paid to people in Official figures shows that claimants make up of all housing benefit claims compared to five years earlier. It is said that just one in eight people who receive housing benefit are and though it is difficult to ascertain exactly how many housing benefit claimants are it is clear that the majority of claimants are people with a disability and people on low incomes. According to 2013 what percentage of the adult population is dependent on the welfare families receive at least one form of benefit of all For benefits make up more than half of their and that takes account of the fact that the number of families receiving benefits is fewer than previous years because changes to child tax credits mean some working families who previously got a small amount now get nothing. How much better off a week would an adult be working a minimum wage job than on In 2014 the Foundation estimated that an unemployed person aged over 25 could receive a total weekly disposable income of compared to a job on minimum wage earning you disposable income of For a family of four with two unemployed that rises to a weekly disposable income of versus if one parent works on minimum wage. These figures will be different now that the living wage has come into effect. You your friends Share on Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on Share on Share on Share on Share on Messenger Close Submit and trivia 
This is what greets you when you arrive at a Trump two parked outside the sports stadium where the Republican nominee will be placed so that nobody can miss them. The front painted has for scrawled across its above the lives the and dope in is a relatively gentle introduction to a scattering of antagonism for the gathering crowd. If only the same could be said about the yellow truck parked right behind for it says beside a picture of behind bars. Another image of the Democratic presidential candidate has her brains spilling out of her skull with the Bill is seen laughing above the realized if wins I get A final shot of has her pointing at her husband and gave you couple of hundred feet in full view of the thousands of supporters patiently line up to hear their idol. Many of them have been here for hours. Many have small children in including a school food provider a lunch who has an son in her arms and her standing by her does Major think of the flood of revelations about sexual I trying to keep my voice down so that the girl hear. still married to the mother he had oral sex in the White so she say Trump pledges to and turns 69 Read she worried about the impact on her daughter of potentially having someone in the White House who brags about groping teach my own daughter to be independent and stand up for my not the column of men and women stomp past heading for the front of the a confidence in their step as they march by sporting leather jackets. Who are Where are they Bikers for and going to join the says one of the club. ride for they make sure we get only 15 minutes in already the incongruities are overwhelming. Bikers in the coming to support a real estate tycoon who lives in a gilded penthouse. A mother absolving Trump for his sexual predation as her daughter listens in. Thousands lining up to Make Great Again in the shadow of an covered in crude sexual the bewildering 2016 presidential election draws to a some basic questions are left hanging in the air. After we have spent months watching the impossible of hearing the defense of the of observing values one after another fall like bowling time to what has this sometimes scary Trump phenomenon been More once the pall of this most baffling of presidential elections has cleared and 8 fades into the what will the have left of the answers to those questions come shared freely by supporters as they wait in line. Conspiracy theories are one aspect of the destruction wrought by Hurricane likely to be with us for a long a standing dutifully in the line. In five short he rattles off a litany of horror stories. Did you know that three men were assassinated at the Democratic national convention in to cover up the fact that they were the source of the dump of hacked Democratic Or that the liberal financier bankrolled several US foreign policy and that personally pocketed of the donations to the Foundation following the 2010 In a rare note of discordance with the Republican he even adds that Trump was wrong to finally admit last month that is an as the US birth certificate was obviously Twitter going to say what needs to be supporters cheer at the rally. elements of the Trump phenomenon are more difficult to tease out. Phrases are thrown out from the line with such repetitive frequency that they take on the blandness of One of the Bikers for John is among many at the rally who says he likes the reality star because unlike career Trump his own going to say what needs to be and if that offends well they just have to understand the goal of all little further ahead in the line stands wearing a sequined hat in the colors of the flag. She says she is also looking forward to hearing Trump because down to our level. not like past presidents who prepare a beautiful speech but not coming from the heart. He speaks it like it speeches from past presidents. Is she referring to pulls her shoulders back and with a note of indignation I first heard I was I thought he could improve our country. I voted for him in 2008. I was so disillusioned in him after four he helped ruin this part of that disillusionment to do with as she puts She shrugs a second time. I was angry about his oratory. The way he was it touched my it was so beautiful. A black everyone but actually mulatto. I thought he could do a great job helping but it happen like I ask Urban about as a she feels about sexually predatory she gets indignant. sick and tired of this being brought up. Words come out in the wrong way at you put your foot in your mouth. I think Trump is remotely derogatory to follow train of Trump is loved by his supporters not just because of the content of what he such as his seemingly endless ability to insult anyone from to to to women. also the way he says it. the language he and not infrequently unintelligible. He is the antithesis of the considered with the law degree and the contrast is worth exploring. Here is speaking on the campaign trail at a similar stage in the 2008 what kept our parents going when times were tough. what led immigrants from distant lands to come to these shores against great odds and carve a new life for their families in what led those who vote to march and organize and stand for that led them to cry may look dark but if I hold on to tomorrow will be Twitter And here is Trump speaking tonight at the reproduced love me. I will see these oftentimes on not but a lot of times. I feel so safe with these bikers. A lot of times they want to come they just want to make sure I feel safe. I love you I love you this on his lied. she lied. a liar. And she lied and she lied. She lied. so important we vote in so that we get rid of these these incompetent the what if diction is less than There are no rules on how a president should communicate with the nor are there minimum standards of rhetorical prowess for the White seems apparent is that Trump has given his followers the license to emulate him in throwing caution to the wind and saying things that previously were considered unacceptable. Trump has also opened a new era in politics in which it matter what you say or how you say it. Be as offensive as you like. Speak your own right assuming a victory is downright dangerous Read the sports the impact of the Republican presidential is all around us. Many are wearing For Others have shirts that say member of the basket of a reference to the Democratic unflattering description of half of following. A third design scattered among the crowd has the face of Bill superimposed on the famous 2008 with the word Hope replaced by the rally gets whipped into a by the her Lock her Lock her chants fill The former New mayor comes on to introduce the main speaker and immediately launches into a story about locker turning the excuse for why he bragged about grabbing into a joke. Then he turns his comments on going to get down off the stage with you into the basket of Because unlike you speak the truth. for a a disconnect between the ugly schoolyard coming from the speakers and the outward appearance of their audience. there are the usual smattering of patriotic followers in costume of the sort that frequent any Republican women robed in the Stars and men posing as Uncle with crooked top hats like wonky chimneys on their heads. But most Trump supporters wear the unassuming uniform of middle checked shirt and jacket. Twitter Until Trump and his surrogates get to work on the thousands filling the arena come across as a genial bunch intent on enjoying themselves for the night. are in and their median income is in fact above the national average. Until Trump and his surrogates get to work on the thousands filling the arena come across as wholly a genial bunch intent on enjoying themselves for the rather than fanatics baying for the children who are the most striking. There are lots of them peppered around the from toddlers in diapers to teenagers taking it all in. think Trump will bring back says aged 13. close the borders down to and illegal immigrants so that less young people like me die of opioid a hefty thought for a Does know of anyone died of a painkiller I know anyone crowd is at it raising a deafening cry her Lock her Lock her a powerful civics class for a reacts to the think lied in front of federal Congress and continues to lie about her emails. unfit to be enters the auditorium and the atmosphere rises to another level. Before he arrived it was already now like one of those static balls that make your hair stand on candidate launches into his routinely speech. talking about Crooked what about the crooked is a disgrace. is a huge boo erupts from the stadium floor as the crowd turns towards the media compound where reporters and camera operators are penned in for the duration. invective has an immediate and chilling impact among the crowd. Men and women who only moments ago were pleasantly talking to sharing generously their reflections on the state of the are now jabbing their fingers in our direction and The hatred is telling they are so Trump continues. the media be elected strutting up and down the stage like in a business suit. He looks elated. Twitter the media be elected is how he later describes his mood. But better than that would be Trump seems no longer bothered about the whether he wins or loses. He no longer cares about his perceived humiliation at the hands of Perhaps all he cares about is the adoration he is feeling right right in the surrounded by his adoring devotees. And then it dawns. Trump is not just an enabler of his people. They enable too. This is a feedback loop of fear and envy that drives them decent people down to the muddy rise and vote are more an outcome of culture than economics Read there any more fun to be had than at a Trump Trump before launching into his favorite with the crowd that by now comes as second are going to build boom the is going to pay for the the split second before the inevitable answer comes from the I turn around to look at seated a couple of rows behind shouts the The boy is and clapping Trump departs for his private jet and Fifth Avenue apartment modeled on this unlikely man of the people has a final word for his presidential fans. going to look back on this rally for the rest of your he tells them. is a movement like never seen before and you will never see again. Believe it will never happen point is the marvel of can never be reconstructed by anyone other than the greatest political real estate developer of them Trump. His show is reaching the end of its but its impact may endure in a darker discourse even if he does lose on 8 elections 
The news in who wish to cast their vote on the basis of the enthusiasm for a One of the horrendous nominees has never shown any interest in cerebral hobbies of challenging the mayor to an the other may have in the family but New Times puzzle 2007 was no masterclass in setting and crosswords are not mentioned once in apparent archive of email. it has to be Green candidate who has at least used wordplay as part of her Stein called once for crossword puzzle help. I was trying to solve the we can only pray that this week may bring some ingenious puzzles in the tradition of Jerry famous 1996 Over had some fun in the including ominous clue State how Trump refers to Trouble follows spelling of loose synonym for synonym for COLOR ADO for a puzzle with a superb and clue criminal entertaining bits of fluff synonym for surrounding term for of CON surrounding LINT for part of a tremendous puzzle in the Financial new terms will the hostilities bring to the clue of 2007 Maybe hanging country recalled the debacle of 2000. This the use of voting machines with too many moving parts suggests that we may be hearing a lot about the phenomenon where an occasional voter successfully votes for one but the screen erroneously tells them J. Trump lot of about vote flipping at the voting booths in People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going how would you clue VOTE for your clues for POEM indeed I dared to hope for some clues in verse and was delighted by such works of art as Perfectly to a dash to At last maiden old lady from married to madness to embrace even only part of extent wisely chose a poet given to wordplay such as acrostics with acrostic in and also appeared in a valiant effort from despite which the audacity award is may with a the scurrilous I enjoyed in snorting drug and love in gym 1000 are using feet and that takes me and smooth has no the winner is elegant A haiku to please leave this entries and your pick of the broadsheet of the nominated by an extraordinary clue by x 2 1.50 number represented by Roman numeral then the word TWO minus its then the word TWO TEN TO TWO for TEN TO which imparted that wonderful sensation when you that a clue is a lot simpler than it looks. 
I booked flights through the Nectar website and paid for hold luggage for our family of five. At the airport we were told I booked any hold luggage. customer services desk suggested that this happens a lot when people book through Nectar. I had to pay for the five bags with the reassurance be able to claim the money back on my Nectar refuses to pay. It says that my confirmation email show that baggage had been paid for. it But neither did it state baggage which an confirmation normally in its interests to say as little as possible on confirmation emails and I have no control over what they choose to specify. My return boarding on the other does declare that paid for hold luggage even though there was no record of this when we flew so I had to fork out yet again. claims that your predicament is rare and while hold baggage was added to your original it was not transferred on to its system. when alerted by suddenly discovers that you did pay for the luggage after all. It says it is investigating how this could have after weeks of it do phoning twice in an transferring the money to your account and donating 5,000 Nectar points to soothe your feelings. It would be interesting to know if airline staff are right and this is a frequent pitfall with Nectar you need help email at or write to Your The Kings 90 Include an address and phone number. problems with 
There are certain buttons on the that no one ever clicks. No presses when warned that the content is only suitable for adults aged 18 years and above. No one clicks when told about cookies if they And I thought no one ever said to insurance. Why bother to pay a few more quid to something as mundane and as a short train Most of us just swipe past the junk insurance on concert and budget airline sites as speedily as we were contacted this week by a reader did actually pay to insure her journey a ticket from to And her experience when she tried to claim tells you everything you need to know about these most extraordinary aspect of the payment protection insurance saga was not just that it was scandalously overpriced it but that even after charging ludicrous and paying vast commissions to the the insurers did their best to avoid making wonders if train is that much different. Our reader had to cancel her trip because her friend to go into hospital for eye surgery. She diligently assembled extensive including letters and emails from the running to 17 her application for a refund was flatly turned down. Because the cancellation policy only pays out if the person you are visiting is a close relative. If a lifelong friend it is not worthy. Even aunties and uncles are excluded only reader describes the policy as complete waste of which sells agree. It says it administers many thousands of refund applications each year on behalf of a range of different clients and receives very few and go to great lengths in order to ensure that the cancellation protection facility is clear and administered but this product is not intended as a substitute for a flexible the range of circumstances in which claims can be made cannot be exhaustive and a balance has to be struck between what is reasonable and what would effectively render the service it told us. The company declined to reveal what proportion of claims received are then took a closer look at the terms and conditions. We found that if you are the but miss the train because of you have to provide a letter to show you make the journey at a typical cost of This is not repaid. So for a of the compensation out of the there are the processing fees that the company deducts from any payout rise according to the value of the you make a successful claim for a ticket costing deducts as a processing fee. If the claim is it deducts There is no processing fee if the claim is up to but if you have to pay for a note little there are other exceptions. Pregnant women claim if their morning sickness means they are unable to travel. If a strike on a connecting service for if your ticket is Cross to but you make it because the trains up to from East are on then cancellation protection pay be all these points are in the terms and conditions publishes on its site. when I tried to reserve a trip to the booking because it took so long for me to read the 
Twice a week we publish problems that will feature in a forthcoming Dear advice column in the Guardian so that readers can offer their own advice and suggestions. We then print the best of your comments alongside own insights. I became disabled nearly five years losing the use of my hands gradually over 12 with my general mobility becoming more impaired. now transitioning into a wheelchair. Prior to I had been employed for seven years in middle management with the same employer and was doing well in my career. I had never had any issues or performance and I was considered to be a high was made redundant 14 months after becoming but with a good package I accepted it and moved on. I interview well and had a good I was offered a new job quite but when I declared my disability the role disappeared. I decided after that not to declare my disabilities until I had my foot in the so to speak. I did just declaring my disability on day one of a new job and was made 11 months later. Evidence of discrimination was gathered along the way and I was offered a payout. Cue next same and same outcome. Now 13 months into job four and in same position. I know the signs and am before what I now believe to be the inevitable know the law is on my side regarding but taking a complaint route is both distressing and unpleasant and I would hate to go through that again. I want to be in a position where I have to keep on how can I get off this Now that I am a wheelchair at least I have the dilemma of whether or not to declare my disability. I think my support needs are lightweight equipment phone dictation software and now I need premises. Above I need a manager who will support but how can I assess that in the job interview do I need to do differently to not just get a job but keep I know how to get my career back on track. Do you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply 
Canvassing counties and alienating in a little less than half a year and a little more than half a lifetime visited It was the fourth day of match against but he had not come for the cricket so much as the opportunity to pose for a photos and press some flesh. He stopped off in the Long where his assistants started handing around leaflets. often talks about what a keen fan he is of the game. But was a first clue that this may not be entirely true. Because anyone who understood the sport would surely know better than to try to fans while they were attending to the serious business of watching the Roses up to the Spin Read told to either leave off or leave altogether. One of members wrote a fine letter to the club. only have to look at the newspapers which people read at to see that cricket supporters hold diverse political he we are all united by a love of cricket in general and cricket in the only cricket ground campaigned at in the summer. He also held a rally at New Road in stopped in at and had lunch at the Ground in where he spoke about how much he enjoyed the his own up playing as a and through to my He apparently the bowled a but my main interest was being The last time I used this quote I received an email from a reader who had been at school with who had clear memories of playing rugby with but none whatsoever of or watching He added that in fact closest thing to a bat I saw him hold was a swagger memory can of course be a treacherous and unreliable is at least one description of cricket It notes that he actually or and that his most memorable contribution to the match was to turn up wearing a pith helmet. Regardless of whether or not he unsurprising to hear wax on about his love of bound up as it is in nostalgia for an England that used to a in John long shadows on county warm invincible green dog lovers and pools fillers and as said maids bicycling to Holy Communion through the morning gave that very speech at a meeting of the Conservative Group for in which he argued for the case for the country being at heart of When he reeled off this he was trying to persuade the that will survive in all And he included cricket among them because he knew that a certain type of person sees it as being in some small of our national character. As did which is why he toured the county grounds 20 years was refreshing to hear born to an mother and a talk so openly about what he believes that character to be. but still identifies as one of four in the Test along with and a as a group of four there is something in he said on no doubt really exciting and something proud of. A lot of people outside the group clearly care about that and value that a lot. And that is a good thing in our hiding place for embarrassment after latest batting shambles Read simply and are doing a fine job of their around of the recreational cricketers in England have heritage. The men and women who run the sport and finally started to the truth of what Mike said back in when he wrote that cricket an immense potential resource for provided that cricket is prepared to redefine its notions about what constitutes cricket has been wrestling with this since when the selectors were split over whether or not was eligible for the Test team. Lord then president of the felt was just a of in this so be allowed to play. His decision was overturned three weeks when was picked for the Old and made 62 in the first innings and 154 in the second. As once put I can and change the mind of one person about being a player and having a then feel as if done my has also spoken about how he definitely like to inspire more interest in cricket among the ground around the the different communities of cricket sometimes seem to mix as well as oil and water. And a recent survey commissioned by Cricket Club found that of casual players in and would like to play cricket more but feel they lack the opportunity and access to do so. So change has been slow and faltering in and still has a long and difficult way to go. But it is undeniably under way. multiculturalism project has wrote last But the very team he purports to support as proudly together in both victory and cricket in 
This white people in the Republican party settled upon the vilest person they could rally around a con artist whose con they may well have been in on. He embodied their and the possibility of enacting revenge for a black a declining white majority and a rising Black Lives Matter as the campaign wore the angry white man at the top of their ticket made who have long fancied themselves look increasingly hypocritical. He openly bragged about the size of his said he could shoot someone on Fifth Avenue without losing mocked a disabled reporter and boasted of grabbing women the It seem to matter. By the time he wrapped up the I predicted Trump would become the 45th president and if it were up to white men he probably people of color had different ideas about who should be leader. In the Democratic some of those ideas took shape and a socialist channeled the conversation in surprising new ways. Twitter Bumpy road to election campaign in two Sanders and began a spirited and substantive full of clashing policies and differing approaches to foreign Wall Street and Sanders won an astounding of the Democratic primary votes handily won its young after running against the biggest family machine in Democratic politics. But he never effectively made his case to black or his team ready for and he lost though not exactly fairly and squarely. Leaked emails revealed that the Democratic National Committee was no unbiased arbiter in the primary. Meanwhile Sanders was harmed by the fact by some Trump got 23 times the media coverage he ever after the primary was the quality of discourse dropped particularly with regard to subjects that were important to young people and people of color. If you were against the options varied between conservative and unimaginative. Gone was the spirited debate of the assuming that progressives and people of color had nowhere else to welcomed the endorsement of like John and offered up pabulum like is great because is Black Lives Matter the most exciting movement in contemporary politics was never mentioned in the general not even in St a few miles away from the scene of black including came to feel the Democratic party had little or nothing to offer us. This is not simply because once spoke of a whole black politicians in the voted for that crime too but because the Black Lives Matter movement has changed the conversation about respectability politics. It made us ask if black or our alleged are actually helping achieve black liberation. After we went all out for in only to discover that having a black president change how black people are disproportionately incarcerated and killed by little wonder that early voting is down among black voters. Not only as points is also the first major election since 1964 where the Voting Rights Act protected We are tired of fighting voter attempts at voter and the fact that black people wait twice as long as white people to have also found good reason to be disillusioned. When Trump called and cut ties with him only to welcome him back to host Night Live a few months later. The message was symbolic and would tolerate disdain for if and when it seemed profitable. A handful of politicians distanced themselves from them by the remark and his lewd comments about a white woman. But Newt and the entire Republican establishment embraced Trump after he people. likely to continue the deportation policies of the is not offering a satisfying people are too. They are the most likely to be killed by police in North are supposed to accept having their water threatened in a way the white people of And while they have mounted a beautiful and sustained protest at Standing they have been assaulted by the state for peaceful demonstration while the got off free. US presidential five scenarios The In which Trump loses every state with even a hint of Democratic flavor and drops a few big Republican ones too the fantasy scenario for every offended by The Trump Bank Trump has performed strongly all winning North and In this squeaker Trump owes his electoral life to white The blood pressure climbs to before finally reports a conclusive win for at The The result comes down to a resulting in a refusal the mother of all legal The Make Great The Cubs won the World Series. And guess These things happen in threes. Brace yourselves for whatever may all the while the burden of keeping Trump out of office is being unfairly heaped upon people of color. Our anger has been sidelined this while white rage has been front and we had the a man named an aggrieved white man who got to set the presidential agenda in its final days. got ample airtime simply because he was white and male and angry and was amplified for his anger in a way a woman or a person of color never would be in we got the Plumber on reincarnated as the actual Republican we slouch towards the finish our political imagination our discourse made our political options reduced to you for fascism or For the first time in my I have begun to understand why people vote. elections 
Few comedians have been having as much fun with this presidential election as the host of Late Night with director faces fury for cryptic letter about email inquiry Read sharply satirical examination of A Closer Look has established arguably with the exception of and as Trump and on Night among the political late night satirists of 2016. And with a nightly audience of 1.5 he has found a distinctive political Trump came down the escalator to announce his candidacy we thought get two weeks of material of said this week before taping a new show partially devoted to Republican preoccupations with sex. thought tease and get the kind of attention from saying he might run. we never thought go through with started as material for comedy soon transformed into something else each of been a of how different this felt from any election come before it. been a but a gift that wears on you. Whenever we have a hiatus part of what makes it relaxing is to get away from with 11 days to the campaign was thrown into turmoil by the latest turn in the drama over emails. That took the spotlight away from Trump most think he found an audience and then cultivated what that audience said. think audience reaction is what most concerned the kind of observation a performer would make. has a very good antenna for continued. loves playing the big room those 20,000 seat arenas and why he be bothered to show up to most interviews. rather phone it have suggested that however much Trump protests that he wants to be in a sense he knows he is not the man for the job. He may be vain and but that quite account for the fights he picks. believes the reality may be that Trump sees himself as a reluctant only be the solution to all our is a lot more fun than actually having to solve those he said. shied away from using words like and but our theory is that this got out of hand for him. think get this but I think he knows hate the the past 18 the conventional wisdom about what a candidate can or cannot do has been thoroughly overturned. were told an outside candidate upset the apple cart of what the said. with each people have said thinking other people would follow but no one Twitter speaks at the White House Association Dinner in he took the Late Night job two and a half years as a speaker at the 2011 White House Association memorably asked whether Trump was planning to run as a Republican or as a was in the midst of the against and had already made fun of the businessman. Footage clearly shows Trump sitting stony faced as he endures comedic attention. Some believe such humiliation steeled Trump to worry was that the president had gone first and already told a lot of jokes about him and there would be audience said. out people were happy to hear more jokes about but the first thing I heard when I stepped off the stage was to steer clear of him at the next Trump started and his performance. you talk about a the gift that keeps giving. so transparent in his inability to take the high road and the scariest thing about him how his resentments has the rich seam of Trump comedic material let his opponent off comical but harder to says about controversy over her family foundation and the release of hacked Democratic party emails. tried. mocks with a Read bigger problem we is there have been so few days when happening on the side has been a better story than happening on the Trump want to be but we feel that being fair is an equal number of jokes on each candidate. a false For about chasing the best story for jokes and rare that a better joke than now infamous 2005 Access tape in which Trump is heard to brag about his ability to kiss and touch women without their consent emerged from The network has not escaped accusations of political bias. But as pointed out in a segment to camera last many of the Republican own problems appear to stem from living within a bubble of highly partisan media 10 after election the banquet of political comedy will have been consumed. Will feel Or and suffering recalls his time at Night when the cool draft of comedown could be felt ahead of the vote. In this not clear what will come know we wanted to take it here so I want to predict where take it he says. Trump seems to be saying he thinks the election will have a long tail. know if the first 100 days of the next presidency will be about the defeated candidate still making a lot of 
The White House on highlighted concerns over the decision to announce that the bureau is examining whether newly discovered emails may be relevant to its investigation of use of a private email director may be under investigation for Hatch Act violation Read secretary Josh Earnest was careful to say director is regarded by as a man of integrity and principle. But he also noted the importance of tradition and practice and and warned of the of communicating with said one senior Republican official already had suggested that his party was considering impeaching a future President has faced a fierce backlash for going public with the new investigation just 11 days before a presidential reportedly against the advice and guidelines of attorney general Lynch and other senior figures at the Department of Justice. On the obtained a search warrant to begin reviewing the reportedly numbering 650,000 and found on the laptop of estranged husband of aide a spokesman for the Office of Special Counsel indicated that the independent federal agency may be investigating over an alleged violation of the Hatch which guards against federal officials seeking to influence an a White House press Earnest said much that could be interpreted as critical of though he declined to do so explicitly. president believes that our democracy has been very well served for more than two centuries by officials at the Department of Justice and the observing longstanding traditions that limit public discussion of whether an election is around the corner or he is clear what Director has done. not clear is what led to the decision. Nobody at the White House has insight into the decision that Director made. not aware of any of the factors that went into Director decision to send this letter to Congress on if the incident could affect the election Earnest certainly have already seen some of Secretary harshest critics on this distort its contents to provoke letter to stating that the is examining newly discovered information that might be pertinent to use of a private email server as secretary of has placed a widely respected director in extraordinary political dismissed any notion that Congress could be seen as an impartial oversight body. already seen just in the last 72 hours the kind of risk associated with communicating to them sensitive he said. one senior Republican who had previously endorsed the Republican nominee for let it slip that his party was considering impeaching President even before been if elected. Twitter have thought be thanking I think is a pretty clear indication that Congress is not at all impartial and why many of these norms that apply even when not talking about someone famous and even when not talking about an election a week and a half should apply. The president believes these norms are important and worth press secretary was at pains to defend as an if not his actions in this case. assessment of his integrity and character has not he said. the president believe that Director is intentionally trying to influence the outcome of an election. The president believe that secretly to benefit one candidate or one political has closest ally become her biggest Read in a tough spot and the one who will be in a position to defend his actions in the face of significant criticism from a variety of legal including individuals who served in senior Department of Justice positions and administrations that were led by presidents in both parties. just not going to be in a position to frankly defend or the decisions that made with regard to what to communicate in emboldened Trump has described the revelation as than but there is little initial evidence the news has upended the presidential race. A Morning poll carried out after the announcement put three points while a survey of likely voters in 13 battleground states showed that only of supporters were less likely to vote for her as a claimed on that the had stumbled across a digital and predicted they would discover missing emails that had been deleted from I think you are going to find the 33,000 that are he told supporters in think we hit the mother as they say in the mining urged to resist political pressure. gotta hang tough because a lot of people think he did the wrong but he did the right he told the Grand Rapids rally. was not his fan but what he did he brought back his took guts for director to do what he he to chants of her from the has seized on signs of momentum to push into Democratic territory in the industrial He was also due to speak in Warren in on before appearing with running mate Mike Pence in on his polling gap began to narrow again last Trump had been forced back to a dwindling number of swing while eyed Republican territory in and Renewed optimism among Republicans has created an unusually vast national particularly as economic populism scrambles traditional demographic dividing and have both been hit hard by the loss of manufacturing jobs and were the scene of surprise defeats for in the Democratic when large numbers of workers Sanders. Signs of Democratic nervousness in became apparent last week when the campaign suddenly announced an advertising blitz. Sanders has been dispatched to help campaign for in the state on impact of early voting may also be forcing Trump to look further afield. States such as a North have seen heavy early turnout among Democrats and may be relatively immune from any late swing away from he cannot win North but picks up and best hope of pulling off a shock victory will rely on either states like and in the New and is redoubling her efforts. Two stops on in were to be followed by three in on and another swing to North later in the people have decided quite a long time ago what they think about all she told a rally in on what people are focused upon is choosing the next president and was less direct criticism of the than over the am sure a lot of you may be asking what this email business is about and why in the world the would decide to jump into an election without any evidence and a good a she to boos from a young crowd at State University. all mean they should look at and I am sure they will reach the same conclusion as when they looked at my there is no Twitter reacts to new investigation into her Office of Special Counsel declined to confirm to the Guardian whether it is investigating for violating the Hatch Act. But on a former ethics lawyer in W White filed an official complaint against with the office. Spokesman Nick opens a case after receiving a investigations can take anywhere from days to months. Should the find to have violated the Hatch and should win the she may find herself in a position to determine for an director slated to serve until top Harry has openly accused of breaking the law to help elect Trump. The likely investigation adds to a swarm of headaches for who awoke on to repudiation from former email controversy what we know so far Read the former attorney general who worked beside wrote a public rebuke in the warning that has jeopardized trust in both the justice department and the is incumbent upon him or the leadership of the department to dispel the uncertainty he has created before election Holder also joined nearly 100 former federal prosecutors in blasting for inviting uninformed public about the before by the investigative relevance. The circulated by the refrained from characterizing motivations but said he had compromised the of the department and the suffered another blow from a separate the ongoing release of emails from her campaign John The latest batch appeared to show that the interim head of the Democratic National Committee and a gave a heads up about a likely debate question the day before she was due to take on Sanders in a primary spokeswoman never gave access to any prep attendee background information or meetings in advance of a town hall or has subsequently announced her resignation from 
On morning I go on a long dog walk with a bunch of people in the country. at the back of the discussing the finer points of my with someone who has undergone the same thing. At some point not sure when I became the sort of person who gladly shares details of unpleasant medical procedures in the course of small talk. nice to have a but I really want to be defined by my transverse colon. got so much else wrong with all fine I say. I want to change the subject to my bad but attention has been diverted by a dog getting stuck in a cattle the my wife packs our bag and I put it in the car. Some of the other house guests are staying to but we are taking our dog and our oldest son back to We say our get in the car and left my phone the oldest one about five miles down the road. Twitter for the you I he says. know exactly where I left my wife says. me find a place to turn Eventually a of sufficient depth presents and we head back the way we sure to make plenty of noise as you go my wife tells the oldest one. all be in the kitchen talking about I will have observed the she says. missed that try to calculate how many years been living in blissful ignorance of this social convention. now be discussing how weird or awful we my wife says. would Twitter for the the way I think about the conversation taking place in the kitchen. If only made more of an effort during our brief visit. Right now people might be is so helpful and fun to be instead took the last coffee pod this and got something wrong with his We pull into the come in with my wife says to the oldest one. case listen at the door I in the car with the I think about how little my wife cares about what people say about as long as she around to hear it. on the other am already filling the gap since the grace period elapsed with unhealthy speculation. Is it possible spent my life being insufficiently Two car doors open it I say. were they over my wife evening the oldest one and his friends go out to watch some fireworks. When they return several hours I am still watching I do my best impersonation of someone who is friendly and accommodating fun to be but also conscientious about not outstaying his welcome. Shortly after heading upstairs to I think about going back down to retrieve my but then I missed the of the oldest friends stays and to lunch. Just before I make a start on the indulge in some and then creep upstairs to check my email. Five minutes later I hear my wife erupt into laughter downstairs. The oldest one and his friend laugh along. With me or at I Weekend 
Jokes about the sex life on Radio 4 show and Fox News host coverage of the US election have been found in breach of broadcasting episode of Make Me which aired at on the 90th included the subject Queen must have had sex at least four Panelists included and with introducing the second regulator said some of the jokes about the Queen and Prince were not justified by the and were even more likely to cause because listeners would have thought they were being deliberately broadcast on the birthday. The was cleared by executives before the broadcast date was Trust previously ruled that the segment breached its editorial guidelines and the show has since been considered that comments about the Queen and the Duke of were made in a mocking which would have been perceived by many listeners as humiliating and intrusive. took into account that the Queen and the Duke of were public figures with wide exposure in the media. Twitter Fox News presenter speaks at a Republican campaign rally. we considered that the mocking and demeaning tone of these comments made them capable of causing The potential for was increased by the fact that these remarks were broadcast on the 90th also censured show over its coverage of the US election in three broadcasts in early saying it an overwhelmingly in of bid for the White episodes of included segments on topics such as the investigation into use of a private email server which have not resulted in any charges and an interview with regulator said the did not follow due impartiality rules requiring it to reflect arguments in of despite viewers expecting the show to present a more view of a Republican presidential candidate. has been for his coverage and providing the then presidential candidate with free publicity. His Fox has implied that show was a safe space for Trump to is the first time has found in breach of its but Fox News has been censured five times over the past five years. Previous breaches include airing views on the day of the referendum on membership and claims that was a for 
John better known as the sings and plays guitar outside Trump Tower. Mike Trump has settled the fraud lawsuit over the Trump University for according to New attorney general In my office sued Trump for swindling thousands of innocent out of millions of dollars through a scheme known at Trump University. Trump fought us every step of the filing baseless charges and fruitless appeals and refusing to settle for even modest amounts of compensation for the victims of his phony university. that all changes. million settlement agreement is a stunning reversal by Trump and a major victory for the over 6,000 victims of his fraudulent am pleased that under the terms of this every victim will receive restitution and that Trump will pay up to million in penalties to the State of New for violating state education laws. The victims of Trump University have waited years for result and I am pleased that their patience and persistence will be rewarded by this million Trump announced the nomination of senator Sessions as attorney general and congressman Mike as director of the Central Intelligence as well as the selection of retired Gen. to serve as his national security one of earliest backers during the Republican primary has served in the Senate since and served as attorney general for two years before that. The lawmaker has the rare distinction of once being passed over for a federal judgeship over racist comments he allegedly made. During confirmation hearing in lawmakers heard testimony that Sessions called respected civil rights organizations In another set of a prosecutor told Congress that Sessions had said he thought the was until I found out they smoked feisty campaign to persuade shoppers to boycott fashion products and the retailers that stock appears to be biting. dropped the footwear line pedaled by elder daughter shortly after the election and now interior specialist has dropped the range of chandeliers and other domestic trinkets from its senator Warren has released a blistering statement in response to nomination of Sessions to serve as the next attorney Thirty years a different Republican Senate rejected Senator nomination to a federal judgeship. In doing that Senate affirmed that there can be no compromise with no negotiation with hate. a new Republican Senate must decide whether and political cowardice will prevent them from once again doing what is right. From the transition also known as the Naked a plays guitar and sings as demonstrators voice their opposition to Trump. Naked Cowboy came over and sang a song about trump that included lyrics about blue lives mattering and Trump putting thugs in jail. Also about how bad is. And how Trump Tower is the greatest place on then picked up a cradled her in his and kissed her. not acid strong enough for this to be a I assure while Naked Cowboy was doing his a motorcade left through the garage. No official word on if it is or someone altogether different. Fox News is reporting it is Trump. I meet President I may first grab his crotch to get his attention then discuss Science with 2016 Long before led a chant demanding the imprisonment of and before he came to view an entire religion as responsible for he issued a public plea for nuance in intelligence. Gen. Mike followed his longtime friend from the elite Joint Special Operations Command to Their partnership had transformed into an apparatus that collected and disseminated intelligence as rapidly as it killed and then fed that intelligence back into its internal systems to accelerate the lethal with would command the war and would run its intelligence shop. But soon considered the entire US intelligence apparatus in to be focusing on the wrong in was that US intelligence focused too much on the insurgency. It gave comparatively little emphasis on granular data about trends among Afghans which at the time the coterie of around considered decisive. Win the the thinking and the insurgency would lose the base of support necessary to a rare move for a serving intelligence took his critique most salient problems are cultural and he wrote in a 2010 paper for the Center for a New at that point the ascendant defense and a job pipeline into the Pentagon. killing insurgents usually serves to multiply enemies rather than subtract and his needed information including data and patrol minutes from with local farmers and tribal leaders polling data and atmospherics reports from psychological operations and female engagement on the authors was crucial to victory. It would admittedly offer clues about where to find but it would elements of even greater strategic importance a map for leveraging popular support and marginalizing the insurgency 2010 which took many in intelligence circles by was the first time most outside the military had encountered It made his career in from subtle intelligence chief to ideologue Read more Not exactly a 2016 senator Warren has released a blistering statement in response to nomination of senator Sessions to serve as the next attorney Instead of embracing the bigotry that fueled his campaign I urge Trump to reverse his apparent decision to nominate Senator Sessions to be attorney general of the United States. If he then it will fall to the Senate to exercise fundamental moral leadership for our nation and all of its people. Thirty years a different Republican Senate rejected Senator nomination to a federal judgeship. In doing that Senate affirmed that there can be no compromise with no negotiation with hate. a new Republican Senate must decide whether and political cowardice will prevent them from once again doing what is right. From the transition Your supplemental has arrived outside Trump National Golf Club He is currently standing in the drainage ditch across the street from the main entrance. The property owner has given him permission and at least one other reporter permission to do is lined both ways with bright orange signs from the township of stating Stopping or The signs go significantly farther to the west than the supplemental now holding in the drainage ditch resting a coffee cup on the guard rail as he enjoys an unseasonably mild day in New Jersey and the exhaust fumes from passing traffic. I would like to express my gratitude to for reviving interest in my 2006 The Price of Admission. I have never met or spoken with and rare in this life to find such a selfless benefactor. Of I doubt he became and merely to boost my lagging but thankful. book exposed a grubby secret of higher that the rich buy their underachieving way into elite universities with donations. It reported that New Jersey real estate developer had pledged to University not long before his son was admitted to the prestigious Ivy League which at the time accepted about one of every nine applicants. it only takes one out of also quoted administrators at high who described him as a student and expressed dismay at was no way anybody in the administrative office of the school thought he would on the merits get into a former official at the school in New told me. point did not warrant his SAT scores did not warrant it. We for there was no way this was going to happen. lo and was accepted. It was a little bit disappointing because there were at the time other kids we thought should really get in on the and they did a spokeswoman for said in an email on that that gift to was related to admission and always has been His and enormously generous and have donated over to hospitals and other charitable causes. was an excellent student in high school and graduated from with of 2003 class at also graduated with discoveries were an offshoot of my research for a chapter on donors. Somebody had slipped me a document I had long the membership list of Committee on University Resources. The university wooed more than 400 of its biggest givers and most promising prospects by putting them on this committee and inviting them to campus periodically to be dined and subjected to lectures by eminent idea was to figure out how many children of these corporate oil money consultants and heirs had gone to A disproportionate tally might suggest that the university eased its standards for the offspring of wealthy began working through the poring over Who in and class reunion reports for family information. and were both on the committee. I had never heard of but their joint presence struck me as a sign that machine held the couple in especially fond clips showed that empire encompassed 25,000 New Jersey along with extensive industrial and retail space and undeveloped land. Unlike most of his fellow committee was not a man. He had graduated from New University. This eliminated the sentimental tug of the alma mater as a reason for him to give to leaving another likely his his sons and had both enrolled did than high school student get into Golden Read more Just going to leave this here on news that Trump may settle the fraud lawsuit against his Trump University J. Trump University has a approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of 2016 Senate minority leader Chuck on I know Senator Sessions and we work out in the but the fact that he is a senator does not absolve him from answering tough questions in the confirmation process. Given some of his past statements and his staunch opposition to immigration I am very concerned about what he would do with the Civil Rights Division at the Department of Justice and want to hear what he has to say. the chief strategist and senior Darkness is good. Dick power. Women and advocacy groups are preparing for the most serious assault on reproductive rights in decades after the first female nominee of a major lost the presidential election to Trump. Protesters form a wall of women outside Trump Tower. in tandem with an undivided Congress under Republican 33 governors and an open seat on the supreme court with the possibility of more has cast serious uncertainty about the future of abortion in the advocates really bad bad as ever seen said the of policy for a advocacy many of his policy stance on reproductive rights has shifted throughout his including three contradictory positions on abortion in three hours. In an interview on with 60 Trump reiterated his vow to appoint conservative and supreme court which could gradually restrict abortion access and even lead to overturning Roe v the ruling that legalized abortion in the US. who appears to have an incongruous understanding of how the supreme court had previously suggested this would happen prospect of overturning Roe v Wade has set off alarm bells among health who are already fighting to hold the line against an avalanche of regulations meant to restrict access to abortions at the state level. But experts saying dismantling the precedent would be much more difficult than Trump seems to think it will has withstood the test of over 40 said interim senior director of US policy and advocacy at the Center for Reproductive noting that US supreme court justices take precedents seriously even when they disagree with them. has survived including ones that have pushed to appoint justices to the supreme the Trump said that if Roe v Wade is then women would to go to another Asked if that was he see what happens. got a long way to rights groups brace for are used to fighting impossible Read more Retired lieutenant general who was tapped this morning as national security calling is a political ideology. It is a political ideology. It definitely hides behind this notion of it being a religion. And I have a very tough time because I see a lot of people screaming with hatchets or machetes or rifles shooting up clubs or literally axing families on a or like they just killed a couple of police officers with a machete. unbelievable. So we have a like cancer. You gone through cancer in my own life. So like cancer. And a like a malignant in this case. It has metastasized. has gotten exclusive access to film a special about home and life. The is very excited about J. Trump at 10 PM 7 PM on a one hour special on me and my life by 2016 From a written statement submitted to Congress in 1986 by a former assistant United States about then a nominee for a federal district Sessions called me into his office and indicated he felt I had been unduly harsh with the secretary. Sessions admonished me to careful what you say to white Sessions merely urged me to be careful about what I said to that admonition would have been quite reasonable. But that was not the language that he was a period in our own lifetimes when blacks were regularly admonished to be particularly polite or and a remark of that sort may just have slipped out inadvertently. is taking Trump at his word. Sen. of official is wondering whether Trump will implement the agenda that won him the presidency. Some of like tech investor Peter contend that Trump should not be taken the Democratic senator from shows no signs of interest in that discussion. As perhaps the Democratic premier civil libertarian on Capitol his anticipation of the Trump administration starts from the perspective that the will govern as he against against for for surveillance. from his perch on the intelligence is preparing for a going to have to make sure now that a political agenda replace a set of constitutional priorities. the heart of said in an interview with the Guardian this is one of the few national politicians who can plausibly claim to have fought national security abuses and championed civil liberties with equal vigor in the W Bush and administrations. He is far more comfortable discussing policies or proposals than he is discussing opting to refer to Trump simply as the look at some of what the has to say and it certainly ought to be a call from the standpoint of potential abuse of quote sticking in mind these days is one Trump issued in after the Democratic National Committee which US intelligence has blamed on discussing his political I wish I had that power. love to have that By 20 it will no longer be on Trump's call for potential abuse of Read more The feisty campaign to persuade shoppers to boycott fashion products and the retailers that stock appears to be biting. Trump exits Trump Tower. Drew dropped the footwear line pedaled by elder daughter shortly after the election and now interior specialist has dropped the range of chandeliers and other domestic trinkets from its Trump fashion dropped by no mo Trump items on as her campaign had been targeted by businesswoman who created on Twitter in after the Trump them by the audio tape scandal. can do Trump brags on tape about using fame to get women Read revealed in a Guardian exclusive at the time that his appalling boasting on tape reminded her of being sexually harassed by her boss at a Silicon Valley job in her was outraged by the but also by vigorous support of her presidential campaign with barely a while at the same time promoting her fashion and accessories line with messages of empowerment for the stylish working told the Guardian on night about and retailers cite specifically but coincidentally contacted supporters of the campaign who had complained to them to explain they were dropping the tweets about her campaign have been viewed more than nine million times and the has been read or spread 200 million times in just over a began by posting a list of retailers that sell items from the Trump including the big hitters at the and Lord and high profile names such as Amazon and urging consumers not only to boycott them but to contact them to the traditional none of the big guys have budged have plenty of indications that the larger players are paying very close attention to this. not surprised that the smaller players would be the first to drop the however. And I know the message is getting said hopes that even if big retailers want to appear now that Trump is and his family members are poised to benefit that they will feel an unpleasant of in stocking Trump she has sparked a backlash from some Trump voters who are now keen to encourage boycotts of the retailers that boycott is NOT interested in the business of 60 Million and are engaging in corporate terrorism against is already blue sky thinking about whether could grow into a bigger phenomenon as a shopping ethics monitor that rates companies by their respect for women and inclusiveness in could be measuring how many women or people of color they have in senior executive the ethical dimensions of the products they carry. We want to support companies that take the high she said. congressman on attorney general nominee If you have nostalgia for the days when blacks kept gays were in the immigrants were invisible and women stayed in the Senator Sessions is your senator has fought harder against the hopes and aspirations of and people of color than Sen. Sessions. He is a staunch opponent of legal immigration and someone who has blocked every effort to and humanize our immigration which is two or three decades ran for the Senate because he was deemed by the Senate Judiciary Committee as too racist to serve as a federal judge. He is the kind of person who will set back law civil the and increase mass incarceration industry and erase 50 years of progress.
There are calls for an inquiry into the connections between the farming the National party and decisions by the New South Wales Office of Environment and Heritage over allegations the agency dropped a investigation after intervention from a Nationals government is expected to pass legislation within days making the clearing of native vegetation by allowing farmers to do so without approval in many reported on night that the Office of Environment and Heritage had dropped an investigation into alleged illegal by 12 farmers in the Wee area in western investigation was suspended in May 2015 after an email from Nationals MP seen by Guardian saying that inspections of the land would be the of something that will escalate very quickly between farmers from around the state and the National party has more to worry about than a Trump wave Read strongly urge that agencies do not seek to engage landholders on this particular issue at this time it is too explosive and not email came less than a year after the 2014 murder of Office of Environment and Heritage worker Glen Turner. He was killed by farmer during a site as part of an ongoing investigation into allegations of illegal land internal email was interpreted as a and the risk of consequences associated with an inspection was thought to be one email an environment officer am of the opinion that the comments of amount to a threat which cannot be adequately assessed in the available latest information makes the situation less tenable and would now require a police presence which would not be forthcoming given the short time he told Guardian it had decided to postpone site inspections in the Wee area for operational received an email from its spokesman said. had no impact on the decision to postpone the investigation. The decision to postpone the investigation was made for operational office said it received an average of 423 native vegetation clearing reports a year and focused on the most the period of time 1 2011 to 30 2016 compliance activity has resulted in 520 advisory 320 warning 78 penalty 42 remedial 14 native vegetation prosecutions and secured penalties exceeding denied he had perverted the course of the principal solicitor at the Environmental said the intervention by raised serious concerns about the integrity of environmental protection laws in you are talking about the integrity of important that a transparent she told Guardian is concerning here is there appears to be a chief executive of the Nature Conservation called for a full investigation into the connections between big the National party and decisions by the to drop intervention of Nationals MP appears to have been an attempt to shut down legitimate investigations into land she the chief executive of the National Parks Association disturbing revelations last night showed a politically class of landholder apparently operating above the laws that apply to the little called for the changes to laws to be halted until the alleged political interference by Nationals in the enforcement of existing laws was fully changes to land clearing expected to pass parliament this are widely believed to allow a significant increase in of four scientific advisers on the University of biologist resigned from the independent biodiversity legislation review panel in saying its advice was being warned that clearing could double in as a result of the will be allowed to clear native vegetation without approval in many cases and others will have access to resignation letter he said that despite the government agreeing to adopt and implement all the recommendations of his it did not do key intent of the report is that would only be possible through the biodiversity offsetting he said. by means no net decrease in the quality and quantity of native said despite the proposed legislation contained series of such as equity that will enable clearing of hundreds of hectares of native vegetation on individual farms without changes include the scrapping of three the Native Vegetation the Threatened Species Conservation Act and the Nature Conservation Trust Act. Parts of the National Parks and Wildlife Act will also be repealed. The legislation will be replaced with two new the Amended Local Land Services Act and the new Biodiversity Conservation a result of the as well as plans to continue allowing logging of native a recent report by the National Parks Association said endangered koala populations in were failure climate change says minister Read government is completely failing to conserve and protect koala the report said. can lay claim to be the most poorly managed species in eastern at present which is hugely disappointing in light of their beloved has been contacted for and South South Wales 
I just found out that I am four weeks cannot carry on with this pregnancy for numerous reasons and I want to have an abortion. Though it is an option for me in the United in it is not really an option because the to have it done is simply out of the question. hoping you can advise me and are able to help. I am absolutely read through her email once again and hovered her finger over the send button. The message was addressed half a world away to Women on a Dutch group that mails abortion drugs to pregnant women who live in countries where abortion is outlawed. lives in where abortion is restricted but legal making it one of the places where Women on Web refuses to mail the drugs. thought she would try her luck. She had lost her job to and in its place she had found only work. Her rent had gone up. she was borrowing money for was no question that she afford to have a child. The question was whether she could even afford an had an inkling that what she was asking for help performing her own abortion might not be fully legal. But she was out of answers. She hit send. Then she began to case the for other ways she could cause her own this scene feels out of place in that may be because there was a time in this history when thousands of and abortions prompted calls for the procedure to be legal. After the US supreme court established a right to a legal in the 1973 decision Roe v abortions were supposed to become a thing of the almost as soon as the court legalized opponents of abortion rights began to whittle them away. Congress began prohibiting poor women from using to cover abortions in 1976. the largest expansion in allowed insurers to continue to pick and choose the circumstances under which they would cover abortion and allowed states to ban the coverage altogether. The two decisions have ensured that millions of women who have sought an abortion have had to pay for it out of pocket. And a sweeping wave of laws has closed clinics in many cresting with an awesome force over the last five such a hostile it is no wonder that abortions are still a if largely hidden phenomenon one that even rights groups are only just beginning to grasp. One study of abortion patients found that had tried at some point in their induce their own abortions without professional medical assistance. Another estimated that potentially of women have tried to or at least 100,000 kind of kept under the so it needs to be talked is no concrete data on how many women in the US have tried to But there is some evidence although it is inconclusive to suggest that attempts are on the rise. From 2008 to as the economy worsened and a wave of new restrictions choked abortion access around the queries about abortion almost according to an economist who analyzes this crisis of reproductive rights now walks Trump. As Trump has promised to restrict abortion even further. He has vowed to nominate justices to the supreme court who might overturn Roe v Wade. because the court is loath to reverse has survived such threats before. But Trump has explicitly promised to nominate justices who might put Roe in their In his first major interview after winning Trump described truthfully what might happen to some women if Roe v Wade were overturned. perhaps have to have to go to another he said. he was asked. Trump see what we have to wait and see what happens. History has already shown us what happens when women in the US access abortion. So has the present day. In 2015 Women on the Dutch received more than 600 emails from US women looking for a way to end their own pregnancies. group does not send abortion drugs to the because the US does not outright ban Women on Web agreed to share scores of these emails with the providing an unprecedented window into the lives of women who feel they have no other option but to end their pregnancies the hundreds who wrote to Women on Web was She contacted the Guardian shortly after she found out about her unwanted pregnancy and shared every step of her which eventually took her across an international border. she provided including of her travel documents. Her name has been changed for her She sure if she faced a potential legal risk. And in is in a legal gray and many enterprising prosecutors have charged women who carried out their own abortions with crimes. felt compelled to feel like such a negative stigma to she said. kind of kept under the so it needs to be talked People needed to she that abortion restrictions had real victims. not really helping anyone. not really protecting anyone. just causing women who are in these situations who feel desperate to take desperate letters to Women on Web form a uniform chorus of desperation. and and and appear in dozens of signaling the nature of how these women became stranded. he is threatening saying I can never am afraid of what he is capable a variety of an abortion must look like a has to look like a have Parenthood wants My bf and I live in our afford an simply cannot afford an teenager in a state where minors need parental consent for an abortion said her parents were forcing her to have her woman in wrote to say that she had gone to her only abortion the shamed me into going back. not a citizen and its a little scary I feel very am beside read another email. One month before she wrote her she was raped. She received her coverage through the insurance plan for military personnel and their families. policy is to cover abortion in cases of rape as long as a doctor has a faith that the rape according to a spokesman. But this woman wrote that refused to pay for her abortion on the basis that she never reported the end this she would cost me of my monthly She have seen a doctor. I have had a covers that. I can give birth to my baby for I am out of the letters read. u please cry and pray every night that the Lord take this child from me will keep searching for is striking about reading these emails one after another after another is the diversity of experiences that lead all these women down the same path. There are homeless women and women and married women and single women living in cities and women separated from the nearest abortion provider by an two wrote in from the big island of where the last a Planned Parenthood in closed in people think about women seeking they have this stereotypical vision of a single woman on said head of the Reproductive Freedom Fund. Her group provides financial assistance for abortions. also people who have two jobs. Six hundred dollars is a lot of fucking money. For a lot of the people who call us not a but many those barriers are just too high. Even with our on Web wrote back to a few hours after she sent her message. the reply on Web cannot provide the service in any country with safe abortion The email listed a few abortion funds could call for financial assistance. Then it recommended another you live close to you can also travel to to buy a drug that can induce a miscarriage early in a sounded like a gamble. felt a jolt of fear. if What if I do it What if I fuck up my organs She pushed these thoughts aside. At least it was an learned that her insurance would not cover her abortion and left messages with two abortion funds. She also found a world of websites describing ways to induce abortions with herbs or vitamins. Following advice from the sources that looked the most she began taking cinnamon capsules and several thousand milligrams of vitamin C per not unheard of for women to turn to herbal reproductive rights advocates said. considered an thing to do this is just how handled it for said the director of counseling at Choices Medical an abortion clinic in Queens. Her patients occasionally use an herbal brew to try to induce a miscarriage. The resounds with such recipes. you probably in is hundreds of people doing it hundreds of different said the president of Health a reproductive rights research group. way always there supposed to be hundreds of different abortion was supposed to have all but disappeared after the supreme court established the right to an abortion throughout the country. In the to Roe v in the late and early abortion was restricted to a handful of major cities and the women with the means to travel there. Roughly 100,000 women crossed state lines for a legal abortion in New in a single the number of women going to illegal providers or trying to was up to 12 times that. Some up to 200 women would die of complications from illegal or abortions. And compared with the number of women who survived horrific that figure appears small. In 1968 a single County hospital treated 701 women suffering from septic not if a woman really does feel that she needs to terminate her she may be willing to try just about just a few years after the country seemed to vanquish the abortion. In the Centers for Disease Control announced that only three women had died the previous year from abortion complications a stunning reduction in deaths. When activists accused the centers of the according to the book Inside the put up a bounty for proof of any abortion death the centers had failed to report. paid out zero one official recalled others realized even though women were no longer dying in scandalous illegal and abortions were still a serious announcement came out the same year Doe began to do his medical residency. In the remote corner of he rotated through an obstetrics ward that received many of the most impoverished residents. The only abortion clinic stood in the opposite corner of the state. even though abortion technically was for those Doe of his first patients had unraveled a wire coat hanger and used it to break her water. Another broke her water with a red rubber catheter her friend had stolen from a memory of another patient is dominated by her screams. As she seized in doctors removed an intact cotton boll the husk was still attached from her vagina. She had soaked the cotton fibers in turpentine and three I suppose I saw a dozen said Doe. agreed to speak only under a pseudonym. He works as an abortion provider in and has kept his identity hidden from the He treated women who had gone to abortion providers and a woman who had shot herself in the stomach. Turpentine became a kind of harrowing motif. One woman used a syringe to inject it into her abdomen. The tide only ceased in when two abortion clinics opened a few months apart in nearby Bossier City and Roe v Wade was seven years making it legal is not Doe said. not if a woman really does feel that she needs to terminate her she may be willing to try just about were not isolated experiences. In became one of the first women to die from an illicit abortion after Roe v Wade. had previously had one legal paid for using But in Congress passed the which banned the use of federal funds to pay for abortion and which many advocates still consider the biggest barrier to abortion access today. The next time became she sought out an unlicensed midwife in She died of a bacterial nearly every year after Roe v Wade brought isolated reports of a woman taking drastic steps to terminate her pregnancy. Three young women in poisoned their livers by drinking tiny amounts of aromatherapy oil to try to induce an abortion. A teenager injected herself with a local anesthetic and attempted to cut out her fetus. A teenager placed a pillow over her abdomen and shot herself in the side. Earlier this a woman in was charged with aggravated assault for trying to give herself an abortion with a coat hanger. She was found out after profuse bleeding sent her to the emergency is against this backdrop of tragedies that some reproductive rights activists have argued for making the same abortion drugs used routinely in clinics available to women in their homes. would be phenomenal if people could receive this medication in the mail with all the and the right safety said the executive director of the National Network of Abortion Funds. she the is allowing untold numbers of to find and use the drug without medical supervision. Among the 700,000 searches on identified in some 160,000 were searches for a way to obtain the abortion pill through back channels. Is there a chance those searches could increase under a Trump said is something that one could reasonably predict in an environment where abortion becomes even or even more inaccessible than it has been. We will do anything in our power to get people the information and the care that they Even her group posts instructions for on its website Not all advocates feel good about disseminating this information. But they consider it better than the answered one of the of her advocacy career. A young woman was on the saying her friend had given her a home remedy. Her friend claimed to have used this method to end four separate even though each time it sent her to the we helped this woman go to a before she could do something said. friend had told her to drink turpentine with a crisis pregnancy an ultrasound confirmed that home remedies worked. She was still pregnant. The distress must have shown on her because the technician offered a flurry of reassurances. They see a lot of single moms who do it on their own. They have a store that sells baby clothes at a markdown. They help with discounts on daycare. fumed. A baby is more than just buying clothes and she her she was already reviewing her plan. She had heard back from only one abortion which had turned her down for assistance because she had a job. And for a quarter of what a US abortion clinic would she had purchased a flight to City. The flight left the next day. She would stay with a friend. Abortion pills would cost about at a pharmacy if she could find a pharmacy that carried the drug and would sell it to a young she would take the drugs at her house. gonna say on my so I hate that this is ruining the I feel so she sounding perfectly kind of like when drowning. If you just flap just going to drown. But if you focus on what the goal on what you need to stay how going to had relied on this kind of subterfuge for the past several weeks. Friends had noticed she was distracted. Her boss had noticed she was nauseous. whole time that been and that known been all thought she said. almost cried like five times But you have to push that aside and act like she I was zoned out for a just not feeling more difficult challenge was hiding her pregnancy from her boyfriend. She knew he would want to start a family. At she was taking so much medication to keep from vomiting in front of him that she no longer had enough to sustain her through the work feel but you do anything about she said. just kind of have to put my feeling outside of it. You need to focus. What do you need to do in order to move kind of like when drowning. If you just flap just going to drown. But if you focus on what the goal on what you need to stay how going to was the sixth pharmacy went to in that sold her the The first a mix of big national chains and mom and pop claimed they carry it. She felt at least one pharmacist was lying to her. she returned to the first store to if not where could she buy little while she paid for a blue carton about the size of her hand. it said. an exciting holding the box. It was said. just like a feeling. She was still too nauseous to take the pills while she was in so she would have to take them in the United States. It was a panicky bringing pills back through customs. But there was a larger fear. biggest concern what happens if someone finds What happens if something goes had said a few days earlier. happens if my body completely rid In most abortion she a medication abortion was induced with two one drug to terminate the and to expel the pregnancy. She would only be taking the the She knew what symptoms would tell her something had gone wrong. But still. just so many questions. I would so much rather have a health professional help me in this and kind of guide me through it versus some things meant for and this is definitely one of is impossible to know what happened to all the other women who reached out to Women on Web. But a study of women who were rejected because they were past the gestational limit found that most of them carried their pregnancies to the said that many women who struggle to pay for an abortion eventually get creative. Not long she spoke to a mother who was weighing whether to raid her diaper fund to pay for her abortion. It was unlikely her parents would lend her money for an she but they would probably help her buy more are no more creative problem and I mean than women with no she said. saying that with the utmost because there are people who will think of all this as shady. And not. seen people and being in coming up with ways to a skill she fears more women might need in the future. trip had cost a fraction of the money she needed to raise for an abortion in a US clinic something her mind was still trying to grasp. whole time I was I believe it was she were speaking a few days after she returned from An ultrasound had just confirmed that she was no longer and her voice was sunny. am so to be She until she was no longer how much stress she had placed on herself. she felt like she could she said. Like she could step back on the path of her life and figure out where she had been when she had taken the pills on a She took the first dose. She set a timer on her phone. Then she took the second dose. The pills worked just like they were supposed to. She but not too much. She felt the pregnancy pass. She felt then it was abortion in 
sit in one of the dives uncertain and wrote in the days before war broke out in 1939. Tonight the entire humanist and liberal turn to sit in its modern dives coffee bars staffed by young people and face it. is dead. The superpower will Trump has won the presidency not because of the working but because millions of and educated US citizens reached into their soul and found after all its conceits were stripped a grinning white supremacist. Plus untapped reserves of academic debate about driving the surge in liberal democracies migration or economic hardship was always sterile in the case of the US. High recent migration into an economy where growth provides only in the absence of a strong and progressive is always going to fuel the right. But not the US the global recovery after 2008. It its banks and opted strong and early for monetary expansion. Real wage growth has wavered around the line for the past five that was not the only source justifying confidence for Her pollsters noted the inexorable demographic surge supporting huge numbers of rising black and gay historically high numbers of college What does the US election result say about and others Read they underestimated was the fragility of their own ideology and the deep reserves even among educated men in white shirts of fear and it is a sudden change in status to a once dominant group that drives electorates to the far as political scientist Roger has argued then we have to start with the biggest change in status of all time. That is the reproductive shock that began 50 years with the which has put women into combat roles more control over who they have sex and and mass issuance of rape and death threats against women in public led by key figures on the is only the froth on the deep lake of bile nurtured by some men. You do not overturn 40,000 years of biologically rigged social control without a backlash. Before we about the racial betrayal white committed last we must understand the gender betrayal runs deeper. Twitter victory speech in full Trump explained his boasts about grabbing women the as room sports stars went on air to in my locker But Trump was right. In the locker rooms of the developed world there is not among all men but enough a deep fear about the economic and sexual liberation of aside the Wall Street the email servers and the it was ultimately gender by the that was too much for some male or to ethnicity and the dynamics of what drove Trump to power are pretty simple once you understand the genius for subtext. Every time he build a wall to stop people understood the unstated second and reimpose segregation on black The first victims of the fury of white will be those thoughtful black college graduates made Lives a household this is not some revolt against poverty and wage stagnation. It is a revolt against the impacts of both positive and US has elected its most dangerous leader. We all have plenty to fear Read economics unleashed two forces that have now the rapid rise in and a route to the top percentile for the talented black or gay person. As long as it delivered not just growth but a growth a foreseeable better those by could stand no longer works. It is broken. If it survived it would have delivered at best zombie growth by central bank money and at worst stagnation. But it will not survive. Last summer I predicted that if we do not break with the economics of high high debt and low populations will vote to dismantle the global order. With and Trump that process is inexorable and the next wave of the tsunami will hit and in their plebiscites on 4 the next our denial reflexes will be in full swing. Like generation we will to our average But one set of people now faces a moment where only honesty will suffice. It is the civil bankers and policy wonks who have rubbished the idea of the existential claimed the capitalism of the past 30 years was merely the inner essence of the system unless by the of the last hospital and the decline of union density to zero. They were they need to place their intellectual firepower and resources as their counterparts did in the era of and in the service of designing an alternative system. Twitter Trump victory a against a black says Van going to hear a lot of wailing from the left about our with the values of It is bullshit both as a fact and an explanation of happened. In every state in there are people staffing beleaguered abortion unions among migrant cleaners and who tell you the left has to somehow with people whose minds are full of white supremacy and misogyny must finish the sentence. By what By throwing our black brothers and sisters under a Eighty years ago the poets and miners of the International Brigades did not march into battle the fascists have got a what is More of the same Read not about reconnection. As in the the racist right in is a minority that can and must be defeated. about the political coalition that won both the New Deal and the second world war. The the the ethnic the liberal middle and that section of Wall Street and the US boardroom that is unprepared to lie supine as put their room into will not be hard for a common story to emerge that puts the of global racial tolerance and gender equality at its we have to tell it convincingly. And to do so Democrats in must find the courage to learn what in a huge and unfinished effort has learned. Stop putting discredited representatives of the elite at the top of the ballot elections 
Trump shattered expectations on with an election night victory that revealed deep anger among voters and set the world on a journey into the political Republican nominee has achieved one of the most improbable political victories in modern US despite a series of controversies that would easily have destroyed other extreme policies that have drawn criticism from both sides of the a record of racist and sexist and a lack of conventional political experience. After surprise early victories in North and it fell to the rust belt states of the industrial to determine the result of his stunning and two states hit hard by a decline in manufacturing jobs and lost by to Sanders in the Democratic were led by Trump as the race headed for an early morning the Associated Press projected Trump had won and called the overall race for who passed the 270 electoral college votes he needed to secure the voted for called Trump to concede but did not make a public left Trump Tower for the short journey to the where the then took to the stage and insisted he would fairly with to keep you complicated complicated began Trump to raucous chants of from his excited have just received a call from Secretary She congratulated us about us and our victory and I congratulated her on a very it is time for to bind the wounds of he added. is time for us to become together as one united people I pledge to every citizen of our land that I will be president for all the campaign John appeared before distraught supporters to announce that she would not be appearing to give a concession speech. should head he told them. some sleep. have more to say Trump won the volatility and a common touch Read been a long night and a long he added. can wait a little They are still counting votes and every vote several states are too close to call so we are not going to have anything more to say called Trump to concede around campaign told New Magazine. said Trump told a smart tough lady and you ran a great campaign. Thank you for calling. I respect also spoke with who called to congratulate Trump early on morning. The White House said the president called and admiration for the strong campaign she waged throughout the is set to speak more about the results later on and has invited the to the White House on is a historic said the Mike in the first official Republican introducing Trump. people have spoken and the people have elected their new Twitter How the 2016 US election night have also secured majorities in the House of the Senate and will probably get to reappoint a fifth Republican nominee to the supreme court potentially leaving the new president with few checks and reeled from the prospect of a victory that would reverberate around the world and futures markets pointed to a fall of nearly 600 points in the Industrial Average. As results started to come two candidates with very different views of were watching television just two walk from each the at the Peninsula Hotel in midtown and the Republican team in Trump the mood in the Trump camp shifted early after signs of a strong performance in and supporters began contemplating the consequences of a result few thought was a for under the veil of a glass ceiling that was meant to be an epic symbol of a historic night when gender barriers were swept there was a bleak of people who filled the convention center in Midtown and the thousands more lining the blocks outside had eyes glued to the A woman clasped her hands over her mouth in disbelief as the newscasters announced Trump had won North mood dropped markedly as results began to roll North all for Trump. Outside the Center at the a couple embraced. The woman wiped a tear from her face and the man stroked her hair. Another who identified himself only by his first called the results and think there could be so much hate in this country there a stream of stunned some in others toting tired many wiping tears from their exited the building that was meant to be a symbol of barriers broken. What did we just asked the mother of an adopted son from Staffers hugged each other and wiped tears from their eyes. They had prepared for this outcome but no one truly believed from to be at the Center on night so that her could say she was there when was elected president. They left the center in the early hours of morning stunned. waited for hours to come here she said in holding her hands. wish herself had come out and spoken to us. It would have been nice to hear from the crowd at watch party in the Midtown grew increasingly excited as the evening went on. Loud cheers erupted every time that returns from and were shown on the television screen. The mood grew increasingly optimistic as attendees huddled anxiously around their televisions clasping their drinks and their cellphones in equally tight shouted her when name was mentioned and berated members of the media for being slow to report election in and demonstrators took to the streets to protest about victory. Hundreds gathered in and but there were no immediate reports of arrests. Exit polling by suggested of voters had made up their minds more than than week before inquiries into emails temporarily raised fears of a late Trump surge. Twitter World leaders congratulate leaders offered messages of with some offering more subdued to Trump on morning. The who Trump repeatedly praised on the campaign sent a telegram to congratulate the the said. reportedly expressed hope to work together for removing relations from their crisis did not publicly congratulate but offered the and are connected by common respect for the law and for human dignity irrespective of skin sexual orientation or political said. the basis of these I offer the future president of a close working elections 
because paranoid mean they after wrote Heller in the novel Catch 22. But it is doubtful he envisaged that algorithms used by search social media platforms and websites would be after you to your and privacy have taken a new direction with the shift to messaging as the communication and social media platforms derive their income from so it makes sense for them to tailor what users see. presentation at the Summit in explained how artificial intelligence is used to the pages of each of its 1.7 billion users. How accurate or intrusive this is will be determined by our activity. Connected devices and location data add develops ad serving take this further by combining personally identifiable information from with browsing to the why we be slaves to the algorithm Read have little or no control over the multiplicity of algorithms using our particularly as more devices become connected. predicts that by of all activities an individual engages in will involve at least one of the top seven digital giants defined by revenue and market as and are skewing our perceptions and narrowing our perspective. Tailoring content to user preferences potentially compromises research. Search engines and ad networks are fingerprinting devices in real so it is impossible to know how neutral your search results are. And because search results are based on browsing we are less likely to see something new. Added to this is the own bias. The past few weeks have seen reports of selective news and perceived political bias towards presidential global head of data and at believes that transparency is the key as it enables people to make a call. is enabled by he explains. has been an implicit bias in our communications since the invention of the printing and we accepted this because we could assess the people who were creating and curating content. I believe that a similar opportunity must be provided in the age of machine learning by enabling people to understand the sources of the algorithms and the training data that powers we cannot blame the phenomenon entirely on algorithms. It is also a conscious choice. As social media has matured and perhaps peaked we have become adept at blocking what we want to see or agree with. Elections and referendums have seen social media users divide into tribes rather than engage in political new kind of voice is the obvious interface for with on many websites and virtual assistants on multiple devices conversation has shifted to messaging platforms. Messenger etc allow us to have private interactions with selected is a new kind of privacy because we know the extent to which the platform can read or understand our messages. a secure messaging system with still includes in its terms the option of sharing our account information with to improve ads and product 2015 mobile messaging platforms overtook social networking platforms in terms of monthly active users This has not been lost on investors or advertisers. forecasts that will generate in advertising revenue this rising to in large part of the appeal of messaging is that brand promise is no games and no So how do brands join the responsibility of brands is says the goal of advertising was to make people aware of a product and its merits. Today that is shifting to providing people with information about products that might be useful to them at a specific join the Store is a case in offering and extensions which perform actions within a at Momentum underlines the experiential nature of bringing brands to messaging. intelligence makes conversational commerce possible even in a he says. is all about so it makes sense to use data around weather and sentiment to determine the right opportunity to must be subtle and appropriate. it is not awkward to use an to call an or book a restaurant within the context of a And messages increasingly include and which represent a massive opportunity for is peer to observes founder of which creates and stickers for brands. an immediacy that just there in does artificial intelligence mean for the creative Read all about opting in. and banner ads are she adds. get in the way of something else you want to do. actually choosing to send an or a sticker to your friend. That presents a seismic shift for advertising in terms of Global brands the power of to use consumers to spread their message and are shifting their advertising budgets to messaging. former chief media and officer at predicts that whatever existed in email will soon exist in messaging. a brand is sending me an that brand is going to one day send me a message every single media company will become a messaging Tech 
that you Another social media furore surrounding the of course. This New Balance trainer fans unhappy that comments from the company seemed to show support for head of public told the Wall Street Journal a day after the administration turned a deaf ear to with we feel things are going to move in the right read the room. Or at read the room of the ethnically sneaker fans who have seen the revival from running choice to Hackney masses have been taking to Twitter to swear off the brand for torching their as if in a version of The Wicker Man. But will this upset throw New Balance off ask the company to clarify its statement. a spokesman tells the were only in the context of the topic of and nothing That is to New Balance does not support Trump. In the company reassures me that it not tolerate bigotry or hate in any and is and culture that believes in community and mutual respect for people around the Which sound very topic of trade under discussion is the Partnership a potential deal that would lower tariffs on imports to the US from certain and which New Balance has long opposed. This is because New Balance produces many of its shoes in the US. such as are largely import companies. is a vigorous supporter of Balance does make things in other too which would fall under but is proud of its five factories based in New where it has been making shoes since 1906. company also has a presence in a tiny town where of output is sold to the and was blown entirely out of John editorial director of the industry website Sneaker tells me in an email. timing and wording of that quote definitely but to call New Balance a Trump supporter was a reach. stance on has been clear from the They were not shy about their stance when President visited the headquarters last Twitter strides out in New Balance trainers in New 2014. apart from a brief episode in which it seemed New Balance would stem its opposition to in return for a lucrative contract supplying the the company has long been in good books. a and it has been nice to watch its rising success. by celebrity such as and an increased focus on lifestyle shoes has boosted New reputation. is unlikely to damage like this can definitely affect sales because a good portion of annual revenue comes from the average consumer. Those types are not unconditional supporters and therefore can easily switch to another one. But Balance quick with the damage Twitter Vanity in New Balances at the Cruise Art New 2015. are unlikely to be put off as rep is generally positive because of their manufacturing practices. hard to see that the quote would have any negative effect on the buying habits of this specific Balance the first brush a label has had with not even this election cycle. among came out for And who can forget forever banging on about his love of it looks as though things might have come good for New as it becomes unlikely will pass Congress before the end of term. All the company has to worry about The rise of 
Contribute your chance to be crowned Guardian home cook of the share your cinnamon recipes with us. Email upload them via the buttons here or post them on by noon on 2 Selected recipes will appear in Cook and on 12 recipe elevenses Dale Read can share your cinnamon recipes by clicking on the button on this article. You can also use the Guardian and search for is the home of content on the Guardian. Contribute your pictures and and browse reviews and creations submitted by others. Posts will be reviewed prior to 
has not yet revealed whether she will be calling time on her long political career. She used her recent concession to address people at the beginning of theirs. never stop believing that fighting for right is worth she US presidential like the referendum before has laid bare how millions of people feel disenfranchised by the political establishment. At the same this era of great political uncertainty will lead people to become more politically active and it is these people was appealing to. We are already seeing signs of this in the with the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats all reporting a surge in membership. But where should those wanting to build a career in politics of leading politicians in the have followed the same career reading philosophy and economics at Oxford University before heading straight where they rise up the working for politicians before becoming one. A debate rages on about whether these career politicians or those with experience outside of the political sphere are in the best position to serve the public. Although this path into politics is it is certainly not the only route. There are many more ways to build a career in politics than becoming a you want a political career but are unsure where to join us on 23 from for a live chat with a panel of experts. We will be having a degree is important experience outside of politics paths into politics and careers outside of takes place in the comments section below this article. Taking part is easier than create a free Guardian or log in using your Twitter or profiles to comment. tweet us or email your questions to who can post them for is a senior lecturer in politics at Queen University of He researches political representation and his book The Political Class will be published next is a PR equality activist and media commentator. In 2011 she was named top female entrepreneur for her clothing business. Before this she was a conservative parliamentary candidate and the first woman to address a Welsh Conservative party conference. is chair of the Network and vice chair of the Society. She worked with Khan in the mayoral election and stood in Havering and as a Assembly candidate. She is a privacy and information professional with a background in politics. is senior and international campaigner at Global Witness where she campaigns on deforestation and the illegal timber trade. Prior to she spent eight years working for the Party in international relations. She has also worked for a and as government relations manager for Save the is national political officer for Unison. He has extensive experience of relationship with the helping young activists and the next generation of trade unionists build their careers. Before worked in the health Khan is a member of the Parliament for the North representing the Party. He is vice chair of the security and committee and a member of the foreign affairs committee. Before he became an he was the first Lord Mayor of and served as a for 15 is senior careers consultant with The Careers Group She works with social science and public policy students at College advising on careers in public government and international relations. is a Green Party politician who is a member of the Assembly and an She began her career as an artist before pursuing civil engineering and then transport campaigning and is director of the an communications agency based in Before joining he worked in the House of Commons as an assistant to May and John Redwood. He was a Conservative Party parliamentary candidate at the 2005 general election and served as a local for six for a Browse Guardian Jobs or sign up to Guardian Careers for the latest job vacancies and career Q and 
In the days since an election that will substantially reduce the likelihood of your going to Midtown more than three times over the next four the pervasive mood in New has been and despairing. The city has perhaps as the capital of discontentment we know that you are the frontier of enmity to the potential hardships and catastrophes J. impending presidency might produce. In defeated Trump nearly nine to one. Thousands feel distraught. Many have marched or plan to many more are searching for something constructive to do and weighing the value of symbolic gestures. Some mothers in said they were thinking about a transcontinental palms clutched from Cobble Hill to but actions like these are as likely to invite accusations of liberal as they are to change minds about the deportation of undocumented immigrants. This past posted a video of a call she made to the House D. on relaying her concern over the appointment of the former News head K. as a chief strategist in the Trump administration. imagine a listening to the message and maybe if I get to meet Just days the who had campaigned around the country for a wrote a post expressing her dismay over the fact that so many white women had voted for the Republican describing them with no apparent fear of invoking a tone of alienating condescension as to look past their own violent and with hate for In the age of it is not necessarily a simple thing to tell the earnest from the particularly when history has just made it clear that celebrity is the path to world domination. Within the professional political Mayor Bill and Gov. M. both now seem to be elevating their longstanding rivalry to one for the role of progressive opponent in chief. In the days immediately following the the mayor and and tried to comfort. On met with the at Trump Tower and then held a news conference in which he proceeded to recount the concerns he had raised about a rolling back of Wall Street tax cuts for the rising fears among the prospect of increased conflict between the police and the people they serve without divulging anything of responses. A spate of television appearances as well as the announcement of a speech planned for next week at Cooper Union. Asked about the potential effects of presence on Fifth near major businesses like and offered that those stores his concerns in as if the tax and tourist revenue they generated for the city were in the face of the good sound bite he could produce by deriding luxury brands. Later in the the mayor sent out a Twitter storm repeating everything he had already said. using his campaign he sent out an email and it asking New Yorkers to share their thoughts and feelings with him about the coming four years of a Trump as though the answers obvious. The day after the Governor called into a program on to say that he had had a good conversation with Trump and that his service in the White House could be a for New two boys from Queens could find a way to bridge some particularly when so many actual bridges in New required federal money for repairs. A few days with perhaps a more accurate sense of the way voters in New were processing the the governor initiated a statewide emergency system to handle reports of bias crime following victory. He took to his page to declare that there is place for there is no place for and to remind everyone that he had been behind New minimum wage effort. It is hard to imagine the outcome of this election as anything other than a net political positive for both the governor and the in the same way that the dullest colleagues can suddenly seem a lot better once you realize that all you have is one and a new boss who seems unhinged. had been facing a campaign for next year in a climate in which white particularly in the brownstone precincts that first elected were disaffected by his performance. Despite the fact that enthusiasm for him remains his recent approval measured since the are better than last 47 percent of voters say they approve of the job he is up from 42 percent in August. At least for it is hard to imagine anyone coming in and robbing him of a second term. But if we have learned anything this it is never to count on a given.
The health has described children and adolescent mental health services as the single area of weakness in told the Health Service Journal that too many families were being let down because of what he described as in the capacity of services to support and treat children earlier in their lives. professionals are also painfully aware of the issues facing Those working in and with the service admit failing to provide adequate care because of time a lack of staff and a shortage of beds. Teachers and social care professionals also feel the want to hear from both those working in and in other areas of the health about what the situation is really like. What challenges are you faced How does it have an effect on you also like to hear from social workers and any other professionals who have dealings with children or adolescents with mental health problems with services. How is your job Does it take a toll on can remain anonymous. If you you can email with your Professionals 
For someone who made his career writing about and founding media is surprisingly downbeat about what they can the Trump election has shown that we are ascribing too much value to what media can he says a week after victory. has its it has to continue to do its even more important today. But the view that it will somehow change the world and change or give people the right just too much to not alone in doubting the extent of the established influence following an election result which almost no outlet predicted and very few supported. But in the many commentators have said at least some of the blame should be laid at the door of and its fake filter bubbles. shares their particularly about the world where people have no connection to in which many millions of US citizens appear to live. the fact of what they believe about is doing this or is doing this. just he says many of the complaints from those working in or newspapers stem from an unrealistic belief in their own think that while obviously this is a huge we are trying to get out of media way more than capable of he says. not like if the majority of the media goes or a big proportion of the media goes that suddenly people are going to miss has experience of the impermanence of media from his first which lasted not much more than a decade. He launched the site in taking what was then a relatively novel approach by applying lessons from one part of the such as the recording to other areas such as which were grappling with the disruptive powers of the was acquired in 2008 by Guardian Media Group for an undisclosed sum in the millions of pounds. It was run as a standalone business and stayed until 2010 before leaving to travel the world for two years. In early sold to another digital media which later that year shuttered the brand and itself closed in had returned from his trip with a plan to apply approach to the world of travel and in the summer of 2012 he launched a business called with travel journalist most of those writing about the travel industry were focused on one sector such as airlines or based his plan on the that simply see an process of getting around the world. That seemed to leave a gap for a media taking a more holistic approach while writing in a less more accessible way than the established trade the early who operated as chief planned to use the reporting as a foundation from which to sell data about starting with the way it was marketed things did not go to and while trying to drum up investment in he hit a brick wall. able to raise the he says. was the most humbling six months of my professional career. We were three months away from running out of were 10 or 12 people at that point. We had a famous as in famous in our company moment when we went to for our first It was a very seminal moment for us as it was supposed to be a celebration of us closing and the team tried to work out how to continue growing without any outside investment. The answer was to drop plans to sell data and focus on more established ways of making money in events and advertising. years says the business is now with revenue growth heading for upwards of a year within the next 18 months. Traffic is not around 1.5 million visitors a but priority is its list of email which stands at more than 265,000. The company now employs close to 40 mostly at its New and is expanding into with hires such as a editor based in he chose to build his second company around did not stop wading into arguments about the travails of established media including the Guardian. He says most mainstream outlets are operating more like where you hope and pray you show up in a but he pretend to have all the have a prescription for any of those he says. hard even in our business which is doing very well. People my god you guys are doing so and I say then I look back if they knew how hard it is to build a media always going to be victory is going to make things not just for the media but also the travel which says is facing a huge challenges from the insular ideologies that are taking over western politics. think Trump has already said a lot of things that will enervate people coming to the US ... Even if he does half the things he said it will have a bad effect on the travel rhetoric stands directly opposite to what the promise of travel stands for the most progressive expression of human curiosity. Fringe is the new mainstream. It is worrying for especially for which sits at the of immigration there a link between digital filter bubbles and the new geographical isolationism taking hold of western a direct line from how we have created a around in many ways as a result of that has led to the rise of and a virtual reality which manifests itself in believing in fake dispiriting picture paints is tempered by a belief in both the power of travel to increase understanding and the more and tolerant views of younger even if they will take or two to assert themselves. good news is that the world is he says. not like saying after the first bubble the is It turns out that people continued to use the The number of people from parts of the world is going to continue to which is changing in the is essentially the ultimate foil for any kind of isolationism. Same in same in The much as us older people like to laugh at the reality is that they are a ton smarter than we were as kids. So the hope. And what else is there to hope Computer graduated in 1996 Masters in Journalism from Digital reporter editor Silicon Alley Venture Reporter editor and publisher and chief 
The most striking thing about the poll released on is not how close and Trump are in how close they are in unpopularity. Such deep dislike could affect willingness to vote and all the more problematic for campaign given that the latest development in her email scandal could dent her popularity yet further. Some analysts claim that any such dip will be but with just eight days left until most of the US a decline would need to be very short. and Trump virtually tied in North and polls Read poll showed that the Democratic candidate is seen unfavorably by of likely voters while her Republican opponent is viewed unfavorably by Voting intention was similarly Trump which suggests that some voters are holding their noses and picking a president they like. The numbers are also mirrored when it comes to dislike of other of Trump supporters view unfavorably strongly and of supporters see Trump unfavorably say This was conducted 26-29 before news that the had acquired a warrant to investigate emails found on a laptop used by a are often conducted over multiple days and some of them such as the presidential tracker collected some responses after the latest email news broke. That poll also suggested lead had shrunk to just one percentage point. in national polling is now only ahead by 2.5 percentage whereas just two weeks ago the former secretary of state had a seven percentage point a journalist at the New moved the polls but none fundamentally reshaped the That analysis is deeply though. The major way that people are making sense of the race is to look at so to claim that news is affecting the polls but not ultimately the race makes little sense especially because barely a week of this election has gone by without some sort of scandal creating a polling or so there is no simple opinion equilibrium that we can measure. elections 
Twice a week we publish problems that will feature in a forthcoming Dear advice column in the Guardian so that readers can offer their own advice and suggestions. We then print the best of your comments alongside own insights. I am very blessed in that I have landed my dream job. After costly and exhausting hundreds of hours of voluntary dozens of application forms and interviews and a lot of determination and I finally have a satisfying and challenging job in the charity sector that pays well and I feel problem is the commute. On good it is 1 hour 20 minutes each on bad days more than two and it is becoming I as public transport really an option due to remote locations. I am finding that my evenings are lost in a haze of and I fear that I am becoming unpleasant to be around. I used to have hobbies creative clubs but these are no longer viable. Weekends are invaluable. I am tired a lot of the there anything I can do to alleviate or do I suck it up and count my I want to appear ungrateful. Working from home really an option as I manage volunteers and need to have an office presence. I have considered staying in an during the week but I would be sad not to see my family every you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply 
A few years Yahoo chief executive Mayer hit the headlines concerning a confidential memo sent to employees. The message seemed to go against everything we know about how a economy operates. From now everyone must be present and accounted for at the office. Working from home is memo was carefully worded in the language of collegiality and staff development. But employees understood its real if we see we trust surprising that Yahoo staff were annoyed. known for years that employees are much more productive if able to harness the freedoms that mobile technology can afford. Being chained to an office can be in many occupations. Employees feel hard done by and fight back. As and rather we see the spread of business commentators believed that Yahoo was an exception in this swimming against the tide of management wisdom in this rich information other stories started to emerge that seemed to indicate a sea change. Investigative reporters at the New Times in 2015 revealed the shocking techniques used by Amazon to manage its office workers. You thought its warehouse workers were harassed. Wait until you join Absolutely everything is even the time it takes to answer an email. Fear and intimidation soon became rife in the transforming annual performance review into a daily as one stressed employee was still to come. Employees at the Telegraph recently discovered heat and motion sensors that tracked whether they were at their desks. There was no warning. Employees simply found the devices on morning. They eventually had to the brand name to identify what they were. A memo was issued at lunchtime by senior management stating that the new policy was make sure we are making best use of our space in the of this sits very well with the official narrative. hierarchies are meant to be dead and buried. Authoritarian have no place in industries that need workers to use their share be creative and excel at Flat company structures and autonomy are the future. Back in the business guru Tom Peters even heralded the end of to do if you have a difficult boss Read what Why does it feel like there are more bosses now than ever telling us what to often adopting a needlessly authoritarian answer the question we need to remember where the idea of management comes from. managers help things big need administrators. But the modern manager was actually invented in the early US steel industry and with a specific rationale. One of the first management deplored how much control average employees had over their jobs. He trust and if there was a dispute always have the upper hand. So something had to recommended that all knowledge about a job be transferred to a new breed of managers who watch staff like often with a stopwatch in their hand. He drove the point home to the extent that workers began to complain that it was hindering their not helping them. management was actually getting in the was more than 100 years ago when employers were perhaps less enlightened. So what about Why are we seeing the same reappear in many including the IT universities and There are a number of forces in often told that workers are happier if hired on a flexible be it as contractors or This may suit some but research shows that poorer pay and conditions often increase discontent and feel hard done by and fight back. As and rather we see the spread of bosses precisely in those industries we would expect to see fewer. hired to keep a lid on the seething dissatisfaction caused by and second driver is inequality. The greater the division between those at the top and the bottom of any then the more monitoring and supervision see. because rising perceptions of injustice make conflict and more the societal for no coincidence that the increasing wealth gap has seen more surveillance and policing. The same principle applies to work Just look at the figures. In 1998 the average pay was 47 times greater than the average worker. In 2013 the ratio was In the real pay increased by between 1978 and 2014. Workers only got over the same period. Under these tend to become increasingly even if such measures interfere with people doing their jobs third reason for all these managers is the huge importance placed today on metrics. Shareholders demand them. Senior bureaucrats swear by them. pulling their weight and who The only problem is that marginal product what you add to an profit margin as an individual is notoriously difficult to measure. Productivity usually comes from a collective effort. And how on earth do you quantify the more emotional and social dimension of many jobs the face of such employers either go over the top with every big data tool such as or simply give up and resort to like Yahoo. research has discovered a sort of sociological law when it comes to hierarchies and bosses. They can easily take on a life of their own and automatically proliferate. Companies end up needing more supervisors to check on the supervisors. This is how become inundated with and sooner or later all these managers need to justify their normally by creating extra work somewhere else in the why managers should show a softer side Read problem is not really with managers per usually under the lash as much as anyone else. the steep and hierarchies that have mushroomed all over society in the last 15 especially in the employment sector. That gap between a technocratic elite at the top and everyone else has never seemed so vast. This fosters distrust. Dissent. And inevitably of the knowledge society once promised we could have our cake extreme form of and eat it too It turned out to be a ruse. Now workers have the worst of both worlds. definitely on their own in terms of economic insecurity. But not left alone. Far from there a Yes. radically reduce the gulf between rulers and ruled. Managers and managed. In other democracy in the for a Browse Guardian Jobs or sign up to Guardian Careers for the latest job vacancies and career at 
draw the sting of Arsenal and seize initiative in Group A Read more all are Arsenal are deflated. The champions go top of Group A based on their superior record and all they need to do to win it is beat at home in their final match. Arsenal are looking at another tough draw unless can do them a look on the bright at least they be playing Thanks for reading and emailing. Bye. after the game 90 slips a smart pass through to blocks his fierce drive. have a corner. 90 There will be three added minutes. 89 replaces the outstanding 88 ruins a promising Arsenal break with a pathetic pass that flies straight out of play. happy. 86 has gone down with an injury of some sort. Not for though. up again to take the throw. 82 should win it again for With Arsenal desperately chasing a third there are wide open spaces for to exploit on the break. Forward they go threatening to overwhelm Arsenal. curls a devilish ball into the middle and flings himself at only to plant his header past the right post. me. He could have had double figures against Arsenal this season. 81 replaces Arsenal are going for broke. 80 is on for Arsenal. is off. are menacing breaking down the left and scuffing at from a tight angle. 79 Arsenal do their press forward and leave no one back to defend the counterattack. plays through and he be offside seeing as started his run from inside his own half. Luckily for and always got the potential to do something absolutely absurd. Through on he reckons that he might as well try to go for an elegant chip over from 20 because he is not He gets barely any purchase on his effort and probably going wide. saves just to make the buffoon feel better. 78 replaces the luckless From the lifts a high corner towards the far post. Arsenal decide to leave because why he going to do Peeling away from the dozing heads it towards the right post. is standing by it but the ball flicks off his head and past who might have had it covered. This is a sickener for Arsenal. As it are going top. looks dejected after scoring an own goal Images 76 heads behind for a corner on the right. And... 75 The impressive guides a teasing low cross into the looking for but plunges down to claim the ball in front of the 72 first contribution is an extravagant piece of skill to get away from two players in the middle of half. His attempted through ball is cut but Arsenal contrive to lose the ball near their own area. finds who whips a fine cross into the middle. With does extremely well to steer the ball away with his thigh. 71 decides that and shoots from 40 yards. not 69 Arsenal appear to have that have a better chance of holding on to their lead if they stop panicking. 67 had a nightmarish is hauled off and replaced by as look for an that would swing the group in their 65 have upped the intensity since going behind. skedaddles through the middle but produce a telling final ball. Then falls on the edge of the area. No Arsenal need to steady themselves. looking shaky again. Hull City legend is about to come on for 63 slips a canny pass through to peeled away from Or has The Arsenal clambers all over nipping away at making his presence felt at the very least. claim tugging back. They might have a point. smothers. screams for a so does the away end is up in arms. Play continues. 62 Looking for an instant decides to have a shot from 25 yards out. He almost hits the corner flag. This is pure farce from perspective and wonderful from an increasing influence on the slides a low cross into the middle. It ricochets around the area and falls to His shot is poor but attempted clearance clatters against the unwitting shins and rebounds past the helpless Outplayed in the first Arsenal lead and are on their way to winning the group. scores an own goal and the second goal for Arsenal 59 Arsenal win a couple of corners. trots across to the right to take a second. a deep but not a particularly good one. 57 This is really opening up now and when an Arsenal move breaks leads a counterattack down the left. He finds who beats three players. But not a fourth. His drive is smothered and turn to attack. They steam down the right and the into the area by headed away from but comes to who brings the ball down and shoots. heading towards the far corner but it hits a defender. 55 attempt to turn the screw after that but Arsenal deal with their efforts easily enough. Then they break. ambles down the right and pulls him picking up a booking that will rule him out of the next game. 54 It almost worth it. The 25 yards from goal. runs over it and leaves it to who wallops it the ball wobbling and dipping viciously through the leaving rooted to the spot and mightily relieved to see it bounce off the bar and over. What an 52 does a and overruns the ball in a dangerous inviting to press and nip in. The hurtles towards the Arsenal area and desperately brings him down. The referee waits to see if the going to run to When it he awards a and books reason it was worth it if the comes to nothing. 49 decides to liven things up with a sharp pass to who manages to get the ball under control. While I and other neutrals appreciated the sentiment from unlikely his did. 48 been a slow start to the second with neither side able to string that many passes together yet. 46 get the second half underway. As it the record matter if this game finishes it will be all about goal difference. is superior by three goals. The potential problem for Arsenal is that play or not the defender made contact I say this as a did that thing where he stretched his leg out as if he had actually been says Castle. contact was totally irrelevant to what elected to do. a thing these On second maybe it a My first reaction on watching a replay was that it was a preposterous dive from but there may well have been a touch from On Wright reckons there was enough contact. So does inclined to agree. a suggestion that were actually furious with for diving. have another look in a minute. It was certainly a moronic decision from to go to ground. Arsenal are level. been have been brilliant. The side deservedly led through only to get a bit too cocky right at the end of the allowing Arsenal to through The back in court now. With the final kick off the half and first shot on strokes the ball into the bottom right corner with his left foot. dives the wrong way and Arsenal are scores from the penalty spot 45 a delay before the penalty can be taken. A broken Arsenal furious with for delaying the kick. The camera appears to show hitting out at but no action is taken. Now then. Can 45 Just as we all start to coo over confidence on the around near his own area and loses it to Arsenal spring into life at last and works the ball to on the right of the area. Looking to make steams in with a preposterous challenge just as cuts inside. He brings the down and a clear penalty. Shades of Man City v is fouled by
I would like to express my gratitude to for reviving interest in my 2006 The Price of Admission. I have never met or spoken with and rare in this life to find such a selfless benefactor. Of I doubt he became and merely to boost my lagging but is Trump's at center of transition team drama Read book exposed a grubby secret of higher that the rich buy their underachieving way into elite universities with donations. It reported that New Jersey real estate developer had pledged to University not long before his son was admitted to the prestigious Ivy League which at the time accepted about one of every nine applicants. it only takes one out of also quoted administrators at high who described him as a student and expressed dismay at was no way anybody in the administrative office of the school thought he would on the merits get into a former official at the school in New told me. point did not warrant his SAT scores did not warrant it. We for there was no way this was going to happen. lo and was accepted. It was a little bit disappointing because there were at the time other kids we thought should really get in on the and they did Twitter The behind the rise and a spokeswoman for said in an email on that that gift to was related to admission and always has been His and enormously generous and have donated over to hospitals and other charitable causes. was an excellent student in high school and graduated from with of 2003 class at also graduated with discoveries were an offshoot of my research for a chapter on donors. Somebody had slipped me a document I had long the membership list of Committee on University Resources. The university wooed more than 400 of its biggest givers and most promising prospects by putting them on this committee and inviting them to campus periodically to be dined and subjected to lectures by eminent idea was to figure out how many children of these corporate oil money consultants and heirs had gone to A disproportionate tally might suggest that the university eased its standards for the offspring of wealthy began working through the poring over Who in and class reunion reports for family information. and were both on the committee. I had never heard of but their joint presence struck me as a sign that machine held the couple in especially fond clips showed that empire encompassed 25,000 New Jersey along with extensive industrial and retail space and undeveloped land. Unlike most of his fellow committee was not a man. He had graduated from New University. This eliminated the sentimental tug of the alma mater as a reason for him to give to leaving another likely his his sons and had both enrolled differed from his peers on the committee in another he had a criminal record. Five years after entered the elder pleaded guilty in 2004 to tax illegal campaign donations and retaliating against a witness. it the prosecutor in the case was recently ousted as the head of transition had hired a prostitute to seduce his who was cooperating with federal authorities. then had a videotape of the tryst sent to his sister. He was sentenced to two years in federal employee of Trump's writes open letter over antisemitism row Read completed my which justified my hunch. Of the tycoons on list which included people who were childless or too young to have offspring more than half had sent at least one child to the also decided that the relationship deserved special attention. Although the university often heralded big gifts in press releases or a bulletin in a classic example of a search of these outlets came up empty. seem eager to be publicly associated with looking into federal authorities had subpoenaed records of his charitable giving. I learned that in when was attending the school and starting to look at his father had pledged to to be paid in annual of also visited then and discussed funding a scholarship for and phoned a with whom I was on friendly terms. First I asked whether the gift played any role in admission. know we comment on individual he said. When I pressed he hung up. We spoken majored in government. Now the is poised to become the power behind the presidency. What he plans to and in what direction he and his will lead the are far more important than his high school 
There has arguably not been a US presidential election with so much at stake for the rest of the world since the second world war. One candidate stands largely for she would do slightly more than her predecessor to shore up the existing liberal world order. Her opponent is vowing to turn that order on its jettisoning alliances and free trade while seeking to cut deals with the authoritarian Trump is elected on it is likely to trigger a foreign policy crisis inside as the diplomatic and security establishments scramble to discover whether he meant what he said on the campaign trail. Those who believe that the election talk was all bluster and that Trump will tack back to a more traditional Republican foreign policy once elected are likely to be according to an analyst at the Institution in US Trump and in tight race on campaign's final day live Read more view is he is a more ideological candidate than we often appreciate and while there is a lot of bluster and a lot of ignorance on a wide number of there are certain things that he has been pretty consistent Wright said. think he is opposed to US alliances ... and I think he would try to withdraw the US from security commitments around the world. He is and he would veer towards a more and he is he is Some believe that Trump would be confronted with a series of resignations by diplomats and generals if he tried to turn these campaign platforms into administration policy. on the other wins the electoral college she will face the opposite how to distinguish her foreign policy from She has expressed an inclination toward a tougher stance in and in for but the for a change of policy has shrunk with every passing week as has sought to create new facts on the ground in the last stages of the era. More weeks would go by while a new administration dives into an inevitable policy review. events around the globe may not wait that long. Whoever sits down at the desk in the Oval Office on 20 next year may be forced to take some of the toughest decisions any US president has much sooner than he or she would faces host of global threats during transition until next president Read power and influence is being challenged around the world at an accelerating and nowhere more so than on the peninsula. The North has sped up tests of nuclear weapons and the missiles to deliver them. Expert opinion varies on whether his technicians have succeeded in making a nuclear warhead small enough to put atop a and there is a general consensus that if they have not done so they will soon. It is also widely anticipated that in the next few North will perfect an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of reaching the US west coast. Former and current US administrations have taken the strategic decision that should be prevented from reaching that by force if necessary. But the ultimate decision will most likely be taken by the next foreign policy advisers have that she would focus on the looming crisis early in her term in reassuring Japan and South that the US will not abandon and seeking to put pressure on China to enforce trade sanctions more effectively. That may well not leaving a administration with the choice of agreeing to a resumption of with and accepting its nuclear weapons as long as it restricts missile development. If that were it would alarm US allies who are already within North missile allies are likely to reach that point of alarm far more quickly if Trump reaches the Oval Office. He has questioned the value of US alliances in the and he has floated the possibility that countries like Japan or South should develop their own nuclear weapons rather than rely on the US strategic umbrella. If he sticks to that policy in there could be a sudden nuclear arms race in and possibly beyond. a Trump administration would have to face the direct threat of a North missile. He has said he would put more pressure on China to get tough with its and he has said he is willing to meet in the on the grounds a or a chance that I can talk him out of those damn he has he is quite willing to contemplate using the US nuclear arsenal. If the weapons cannot be he why are we making Why do we make China China tantalized by US election mayhem and prospect of Trump as president Read his or her first year in a new US president would also face a direct challenge to US power in the western Pacific. The of laying claim to reefs and rocks in the South China Sea and turning them into naval and air bases gives potential control over some the busiest shipping lanes in the world. US influence is under further threat by the rise of in the who has threatened to eject US casting doubt on his agreement to allow new permanent presence. likely policy will be to continue faltering to and to restoring the faith of US allies in the region that will help them resist attempts to dominate the South China Sea. It is a policy that is held hostage to some extent by ultimate and it could lead to a rapid escalation of tension in the region. Trump has pointed to the as a reflection of US weakness but has not said what he would do about it. He has focused more on the threat posed to the US by its trade relations with China. In the transactional model of foreign relations Trump he could agree to turn a blind eye to creeping takeover in the South China Sea in exchange for a bilateral trade deal with on better terms. Why plans for zones in could provoke conflict Read new US president will arrive in office at a time of significant military advances against State in and but diminishing options when it comes to helping shape the opposition battle against the regime and its and backers. It is possible that the rebel stand in will have fallen by giving the regime the upper hand and postponing yet again any hopes of a political the presidential talked of establishing a or a inside it is hard to see how that would be done without risking a direct clash with with all the risks that entails. The generals at the who have long argued against the feasibility of establishing such a would work hard to block such a scheme. A White House is also likely to explore ways of increasing the flow of arms to moderate opposition has indicated that he would seek to work with and in a combined fight against and has not voiced criticism of the bombardment of areas such as eastern That policy would also have heavy costs. The opposition and the Gulf states would see it as a and the new administration would have to deal with the reality that neither the regime nor has much immediate interest in fighting and administration is expected to take a tougher line with than the White all the more so because of the substantial evidence of the efforts to try to intervene in the US presidential election in her could well seek to take a leadership role in negotiations with over and the stalled peace which have hitherto been left to and She could also opt to send lethal aid to as a way of increasing US the world views the US from to North Read is likely to take the opposite approach. He avoided criticism of for its actions in hinted he might accept the annexation of and ignored US intelligence findings that was behind the hacking of Democratic email. A Trump administration is unlikely to contest enforcement of its influence in eastern and aides have consistently that one of her priorities would be to show US willingness to shore up and and will attend summits of both in has by that is obsolete and questioned whether its security commitments in are worth what the US is currently spending on them. He said he would check whether US allies their obligation to before coming to their calling into question the purpose of the pact. Later in the he changed saying he would seek to strengthen the but a win for Trump on would nonetheless deepen anxiety in eastern such as the that a would come to their in the face of encroachment. two major free trade projects of the the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership with and the Partnership with the countries on the Pacific will probably still be under negotiation when the new president comes into giving him or her the option of killing or completing first supported the and then it in the face of the primary challenge from Sanders. Her reservations may prolong the but she is ultimately expected to pursue and seek completion of the ambitious multilateral trade built his campaign on opposition to all such which he has as inherently to the US. He has promised to seek bilateral trade deals on better terms and to punish other countries deemed to be trading unfairly with ignoring the threat of retaliation. Climate has promised to withdraw the US from the climate which comes into force on and to all payments of US tax dollars to global warming The Republican presidential nominee has said a believer in climate describing it as a and has castigated efforts to reduce greenhouse gases as a risk to prospect of Trump in the Oval Office poses a unique challenge to the which was struck last year and ratified in speedy fashion in A total of 94 nations have fully signed up to a commitment to keep global temperatures below a increase on in the hope of staving off catastrophic sea level and extreme emissions cuts pledged by countries currently enough to avoid climate meaning that recalcitrance from the the emitter and the in fighting climate according to would risk ossifying a process that needs a further hefty involvement in the deal which has the support of nearly 200 other countries is based upon the presidential scrawl of The accord presented to Congress as a formal meaning that Trump could undo it the US from the along with its financial support of countries particularly vulnerable to climate would take some however. Now the agreement is in any signatory nation faces a delay before it could opt with a further wait as the process plays said an expert at environmental law at would be impossible for a President Trump to remove the United States during what would be his first the uncertainty would spook countries that rushed to embrace the deal after the US and the two greenhouse gas jointly announced they were committed to the process last year. Some aware of the dangers of climate may redouble their efforts to slash emissions but others may use it as a convenient excuse to slack antipathy to climate action is underscored by fierce support for fossil telling coal miners that he will you back to and that will be a beautiful in his administration. also likely that he would scrap Clean Power the centerpiece policy to curb emissions from power and allow projects such as the controversial Access in which he is indirectly invested. US which have begun to level off in recent could start climbing again. elections foreign 
Bee enlisted the help of actor to read a selection of leaked emails in her most recent election polls open as and Trump aim to make history live Read Full Frontal with the host spoke of the orgy of media over the investigating newly discovered emails related to personal ridiculed the media coverage and also claim that the content of the emails would be Twitter missed the mark so badly on they could have been one of his she also criticized head calling him a transparency fetishist who refuses to tell the authorities whether or not he raped to we discovered the real a somewhat workaholic who wants people to have recounted some of the emails that are either inane or and then brought the Horror Story to read some of the least dramatic such as and Twitter Bee also endorsed first woke white and stressed the importance of the vote. She criticized Bill as a and the changes forced upon herself as she shifted her image to appease the my became a pageant girl just to get us to like she said. I were I would have dumped by now but terrible at knowing when to leave a you bring yourself to vote for I get it. voting for Goddamn Brilliant Queen Bee I have a hunch still in elections 
alleged attempt to influence a magistrate involved a case against a bankrupt former legal advocate whose supporters include an adviser to the One Nation has been referred to police over a letter asking the magistrate to adjourn the case against John from in northern who is charged with failing to provide information about his financial affairs during letter which also refers to having a Senate motion recall a number of judges for could amount to threatening a judicial officer and trying to pervert the course of according to chief referred to police over letter to magistrate Read case against a retired police follows a saga related to his work as an unqualified legal advocate challenging legislation in courts on behalf of commonwealth charge against was first heard by the Cairns magistrate last month after he was bankrupted over a legal costs order arising from his advice to people in disputes with three local councils that they should not pay supporters include Peter who has been advising before a looming Senate referral for a high court examination of the eligibility for was barred from legally representing others in in 2011 after acting in at least 10 cases where a judge said he ran the same but futile line of legal argument challenging state and local authorities over legislation including argued unsuccessfully during bankruptcy proceedings that legislation passed in since 1966 is unconstitutional because it has been signed by governor generals who were paid in not pounds as specified by the argued the same point to press the former case in a letter to the prime in urged to call a to the as legislation since 1966 has been legitimately approved by any governor general because none of them have been paid in legitimate also wrote to a lawyer involved in bankruptcy proceedings against to upbraid him for not engaging with issues he was including earlier this month spoke to from where he reportedly acknowledged that he had been declared a by courts in four including an email to a lawyer seen by Guardian you lawyer rubbish refuse to admit people like me to the Profession of and probably the forty thousand I have still done the hard yards at some of you mongrels were any the issues is raising like sovereign debt and currency banking and blatant disregard of the laws of the commonwealth because only you or one of the forty thousand thieves can prosecute for would be proponent of arcane arguments challenging the legitimacy of courts through a literal interpretation of the engagement by coincided with the senator raising questions about the authority of the high his first question in the referred to the high supposed failure to issue writs in the name of the Queen. On 7 he wrote to the Senate president accusing the high court of procedural failings that made it unlawful and asked that the upper house consider removing from office. rails against as Senate debates free speech politics live Read letter to the dated 15 and bearing Senate are watching with interest the conduct of all judicial officers after discovering the high court has not been conducting its business in the name of the so this could reflect on all jurisdictions. As a safeguard against a possible could I respectfully ask that you adjourn the matter until the constitutional position of all courts is revelation of letter this week a growing rift between the One Nation senator and party leader has since written to the magistrate clarify and that there was no disrespect ... to the or to judicial has said he rejects any suggestion of threats to any officer of any or any attempt to pervert the course of initial letter was written the interest of on behalf of a distressed who is being prosecuted by the commonwealth director of public had his property sold by bankruptcy trustees in after they sought a warrant for his it is understood remains at the property with the support of its new a farmer who unsuccessfully challenged the authority of state laws to fight a fine for clearing trees on his bankruptcy followed a rare legal costs order awarded to councils to compensate their expenses in recovering almost in unpaid rates. who was understood to have paid his own was held liable by the court because he acted as a legal adviser to the dissident legal services commission won an injunction preventing who was not a qualified legal from acting as a legal representative. The supreme court found he repeatedly ran cases using the same legal arguments to challenge legislation. In one case he acted for a north landowner who wanted to clear trees on a property known to contain habitat for endangered mahogany gliders and reasserts control of One Nation after chaotic day Read supreme court found he was using parties effectively as stalking horses to enable him to continually repeat these had for years been persistent in presenting those arguments in in despite knowing had repeatedly failed to persuade judges and magistrates that the decision was the court is due to appear again on 24 in the Cairns magistrates formally charged with refusing or failing to provide information in compliance with a in filed a statement of affairs on 4 according to a search of bankruptcy records with the Financial Security 
Air pollution has risen by in in five years with cities in the developing world worst according to the WHO. We want to explore its impact on the daily lives of people around the world. If you live in a city that is affected by toxic air or you work in air quality like to hear from capital was effectively shut down due to air after it registered its first ever red alert for air quality. A similar situation occurred in in where the threat to citizens from smog was judged so great that traffic was power stations closed and diesel generators suspended. Schools were also closed in after a blanket of smog was blamed for a string of deaths. Air quality in is among the worst in and is illegally in breach of limits. From to to the air in cities has deteriorated so much that it is often no longer safe to breathe. air pollution like where you live and how has it impacted your daily What are your or your city government doing to improve air If measures against pollution are being implemented in your what do you think about We also want to hear from those whose job it is to tackle air pollution. Whichever city in the world you live please share your experiences and any photographs in the form below. If like to send please email be using your responses in our air we 
all from thanks for reading. Here is match report from strikes for Republic of for precious win in Read you can also head over to take in Wales v Wales v World Cup 2018 qualifier Read more Harry wanted competitive to come with a good so pleased. A few words from the manager changed things at the break. The pitch took a bit of time to get used but once we got our minds right then we knew we could get something. Second half we did all that and a good result. You come here and probably take a draw before the From our man Smith in Smith belting out here for the jubilant fans. A from the welcoming hosts. Goal aside it was but deserved 2016 have beaten to take a hold of group scores. Guardian That win sends top of group for now at with Wales v to come shortly. meanwhile have only four points from four games and are six points shy behind the In the other drew 1-1 with in a match that has little though does at least get off the mark. happen for emails a stunned not last away win against a direct rival I can remember was in 1987. Mark off a quick free kick since you celebrates after the game with Referee blows to bring up a brilliant away win for They defended well all match and clinical finish proved the difference. min powers towards the corner but dispossess him. brings it forward for one last time. He finds down the left who crosses deep for and his volley bounces kindly to six yards out but the big striker puts his header should score but heads wide in injury time. min have the ball in half to boos from the home fans as the green shirts knock it around. min Four minutes to be added. 90 min Balls are flooding into the box. One cross is cleared to on the edge who drills a low shot on but is down well to hold it. 88 min crosses low from the left and when the ball is cleared back out towards he fouls who is in no rush to get things going again. Republic of are closing in on a huge result in 86 min bends a cross for at the far post who finds himself unmarked for but a woeful effort that floats well wide. That was best chance of the half. 84 min goalscorer is down with a knock and goes off to get some treatment. his evening and he is replaced by 82 min Martin on for on the right is immediately involved flicking a shot on target with his back to but easy enough for to claim. 79 min drives 50 or 60 yards up the field and attacks the sub at who slips slightly. gets into the box but then loses his footing too just as he is about to cross towards and clear the danger. 77 min has played well and is replaced by takes the spot of for 76 min probe but break the down. A couple of changes on the way... 73 min cuts down and that could easily have been a second yellow card in the space of a couple of minutes. The players in green are letting the referee know just but gets away with it. is taken down by 71 min whips a deep towards who fouls the goalkeeper as he goes for the challenge. At the other fouls and lets the midfielder have some harsh words afterwards. The yellow card is and again a moment later for after he kicks the ball away. Both will miss their next match is against Wales. 68 min tries a little with on the edge of the box but the latter spoons the ball up in the air and the former concedes a trying to win it back. is quite encouraging to see continuing to push forward even though they are up emails the uninitiated the exact opposite of what they usually do after taking a 63 min After a period of pretty chaotic defending by over the past 20 minutes when they were put under an awful lot of might be relieved to be only one goal behind. His side are reasserting the control they showed in the first half and a long passing move ends with cracking a shot from which flutters the top of net. 61 min tries a knuckleball effort but sets it way wide from the and it never comes back. 60 min clatters 30 yards from the goal. That was fairly pointless from and he has handed a chance from a albeit quite a way out. 58 min makes his first mark on the getting a powerful shot away which is by 56 min makes his first replacing with 54 min receives some treatment after another tussle with 52 min are rocking here and need to take advantage. They have a corner but the referee gets his whistle out once this time to book for some pushing and pulling before can swing it in. Eventually the corner comes in and the ball breaks for who sets up on the but he is ushered wide and hit the target. 50 min A second for delivers a teasing from the right and touches it home with his but he had started his run a fraction early and is correctly ruled offside. pinched the ball from in and the wasted time appealing rather than chasing back. He was made to pay as sparked a counterattack and found who released on the left unmarked. The winger drove into the box before setting himself and crashing a low shot under A brilliant finish and that could be such an important goal in this group. powers in a shot to score the opening goal. A huge moment for the celebrates after breaking the deadlock in John 47 min pulls off a lovely in the box towards the sort of skill that seems well out of place in this game so far. manages to get a toe in and break up the move. And get the second half few of these in the second half would be lovely. The best goals of the and Read more A half came to life in the final few but neither side managed to break the deadlock. All square at the break. 45 min is finally the first yellow card of the and it is probably his most tame challenge of the piece. 43 min This one is at the other end and it is a glorious chance for the visitors. After some sustained whips one of his dangerous low balls from the left and gets in six yards to fire the chance grazing the woodwork on its way. He should have scored. should score but shoots over the ball. 41 min best moments have come through who has been the best player on the pitch by some margin in this first half. Martin will be quietly pleased if his side can get to the break at 0-0.
In the postscript to the 2016 US the inability of pollsters to support in key swing from through the rust belt to and is being widely were these Trump Were they Did they hide themselves in plain The same discredited pollsters now say white women carried Trump to victory. But it was more than that. In North with its rapidly changing the polls predicted a tight race. The candidates visited the state almost 30 each fishing for the 15 electoral college votes. In her final campaign rally on the eve of was on stage there with Lady Gaga. hours she learned she had lost the state to Trump by four a loss that did not guarantee his victory but strongly suggested the result last many who kept their Trump support private have began to reveal themselves. As with the referendum the decision has caused familial rifts. North voters explain their was freaked out about because there were 33,000 emails that never know what was in there. To not let the review them after been a huge concern for me. I voted for because he wanted to bring change and unity. was more talk than walk and more transparency would have been good. I have a lot of friends who voted for If kept Sanders have been more inclined to go toward but I liked Trump on trade because true losing a lot of jobs to China. was not my first pick but from a military family and I believe had any respect for the military. Any military person who destroys emails and lies about it would be buried underneath the jail. Trump was disgusting because of what he said about but he was the lesser of two evils. I think everybody should be deported. not not racist. and I believe she is. We need a strong military because we live in crazy world. Twitter for the was in the chair too long. She knows her way around truth. But Trump is a man. You have to be a politician to be a you just have to know how to better yourself. seen those shows and he was good with and we need a very strong man. I like to see who someone is. You are who you are. At least not the kind of person to get in the White House as one thing and then boom who I really am. I know who he is up front. Plus they were not going to treat her right as a they going to treat her fairly. a small businessman and never did anything for small business except tie us up in red tape. He offered hope and but it change for the at least not for business people. The south has traditionally been very poor. The Democrats offered something for free. But I want something for free. My granddad was an immigrant from His business is now third generation. I think a a fool if he has his own business and a Democrat. Trump appeals to me because I think going to shake things up. ready for change. worried about speaking his mind. Sure he a but he was talking about the working man and bringing back jobs. not a got his own money so he really be bought. seen enough dirt on Bill and It seemed like an old story and we needed a change. I think going to shake it up. I like it when he said it was time for Republicans and Democrats to work to bring back to where it was before great. I make enough from a job to pay for health insurance. But I have to admit to you what my grandmother the were in times were But times they are the old Bob thing. usually vote independent. But this time I voted Trump because things working. The economy bounced back like they wanted it to. My wife and we struggle. I like business sense. He could get rid of the fraud and unnecessary expense. had a lot of experience but it all good experience. Her trustworthy stuff was big for me. The investigations and stuff might be normal for a lot of but it normal or appropriate for me. a businessman. It bother me he went into bankruptcy. Not every idea can be a great idea and he climbed out of that elections 
Every week a Guardian Money reader submits a and up to you to help him or her out a selection of the best answers will appear in next My dentist keeps badgering me to buy an electric but which should I go There is a bewildering range some even costing around What do I need to and what features if any are a My old Oral B was so much you have a problem readers could Email your suggestions to or write to us at The Kings 90 
I have spent 42 years pushing against a patriarchy that tries to tell me what to look what to who to demur and that there are many things that I do because female. The weaker I gave birth. I be balled up on the ground if kicked in the groin. tiring and it takes a toll. And keep pushing in my own steady way. For Frank has taken the White House and he has the liberals to 10 to leave sexism out of his response piece wholesale one and to choose to use the word toward the end of his a word which conjures up images of women has a man been called leaves me frustrated and tired. whom sure is a wonderful person in many is as sexist as the next and faced his own inner or not you think had the best interest of the lower class and working middle class in for Frank to say that she really that her email server was a real issue and that would have been a better choice is just a cloak for his inability to face himself in the his or to the detriment of at least of half of Frank is not alone in his unacknowledged sexism. Even when we pit a woman against the least competent candidate we could for arguably the most important job there our society as a whole stomach voting for her. Voters literally stayed home from the polls rather than elect a woman. throw this Frank article in the virtual trash where it and instead read response articles penned by feminists all We have work to Amid the negativity and strong words about the result of the presidential it is important that we stay positive and true to our morals and unlike Trump. As a young feminist and member of the younger I can certainly say that I will not tolerate revolting words against women and those who fit his of a perfect citizen. From I am reminded of the standards of how men should behave towards with respect and events of this year have taught and to me the importance of staying positive and not letting morals and standards slip because of the of a leader such as Trump. has particularly to women and that anything is possible if you truly and that women can be and are champions for this. As she said in her is still much work to be and the only way we will aid the work ahead is if we stand together with positive energy and hope against people like fear and In an otherwise searching article 12 falls prey to the same negativism in attitudes toward women politicians that writing about. While it is true that staggering of white women voted against it is not true that a female candidate did not carry even the female Some of women voted for not all but all Is it possible that we are appalled by his have underestimated Is it possible that the unpleasant vilification of and ludicrous promises were his carefully calculated pose to woo those voters he as disillusioned with the establishment and longing for That the wall was never going to be that the secretary of state was never going to be sent to that the clampdown on communities could be quietly that would survive and trade treaties would remain is where he wants to be. He will have real power. He will use it to get what he really wants. He is a a negotiator. He knows how to choose and use talented people who can deliver his goals. Let us by all means be fearful of what those goals might but let us also look beyond the smokescreen of his performance in the campaign. Listen to the change of tone of his carefully emollient victory speech. Remember how he the other contenders and shrugged off the disdain of the Republican hierarchy. Let us hope that liberals will not write him off as a fool who cannot possibly It is interesting to reflect that while all recent US presidents W have made very public professions of attachment to the Trump does not appear to share this. None of his frequent utterances over the last year have alluded to and his actions and words during the election campaign were hardly those of a quite the opposite. So we may reasonably assume that the Tea Party religious a key influence in his is now headed up by an amoral infidel. That would be one of the weirder outcomes of 8 How come liberals encourage violence while exercising their freedom of speech 12 This is something never understand. You always speak of love and understanding when making conservatives knuckle under to your yet when you get your way after a fair election you unhinge like a crazed old. property foul language and disrespect for the individual and country. This is a liberal who loses. Your hypocrisy is The protesters in cities all appear to be in the twenties. This is the particularly if they are who have been brought up on the shibboleths of political safe spaces and cultural while being protected from viewpoints and literature running counter to their sensibilities. All of these are bound to trump democracy. They must be At a time of great uncertainty and anxiety following the election of we should seek inspiration from the recent past. The say you want a exhibition currently at the museum charts the exhilarating optimism of the late when millions of people tried to create a better world through fashion and positive social change and everything seemed possible. We must work to restore that spirit of To all those who claimed that attracting enthusiastic crowds was meaningless because it translate into guess Will there now be a rush of babies named even as a result of elections 
just switched from slow where the router was outside my to fast Virgin where the router is on the other side of the house. my computer is struggling to the signal. In the tried extenders from and but not had much luck with them. I found that if I placed them where they got a strong enough they actually extend the signal much further. Will mesh routers be the and if do you know of any routers like that that can be bought in the is never as and never as as a wired connection. In the old before and mobile many people had wires running to and still not that hard to do with bulkier for or cable. can deliver 10 per second over 100 of which would solve the speed problem for the foreseeable the best answer is which is what I was developed to send broadband traffic across a or an mains electricity cables. The system is overseen by the which is much like the Alliance that looks after The first were shipped in and the latest versions are AV and The latest offer input multiple operation instead of input single This should provide much better AV includes in case your mains signals stray onto next networks are usually sold with two paired devices. a which you connect to your router via an cable and socket. a receiver plug that connects to your local device. The pair may be with a unique password to talk to one another. If the devices ship with common default you should change following the instructions in the manual. This may be as simple as holding down the reset button for a couple of seconds on each devices offer as well. That is to the receiver has a small transmitter as well as one or more ports for wired connections. In my experience with a ac Starter this works disadvantage is that a usually creates its own separate network. The gets round this by including Move that lets you use your existing and password to create a single network. Some systems have a mode with the specified speeds of devices are nothing like the actual speeds. For an router may have a theoretical maximum speed of but you may well get only It depends partly on the distance from the your walls and interference from other and the number of devices sharing your a AV system has a theoretical speed of but more likely to get sometimes less. In this it depends on the distance from the wiring and the amount of noise present. Noise can be created by other electrical products from fridges to chargers. If you have problems with a try turning off other devices and see if you can find the devices may work better when plugged directly into a wall socket than when plugged into a Most have a connection so you actually lose a my ancient Turbo package was more than fast enough to handle I would expect any decent AV or system to meet your you invest in some try to improve the performance of your current system. Rather than leave your router in a corner or on the try to position it as high as perhaps on a with lots of space around it. Move it away from the set and other large household if possible to add one or more antennas to increase the signal may also get better performance if you use a different channel from any strong networks nearby. There are lots of ways to find out which channels your are but in you can open a command prompt and type paste show programs and will give you a list of all the networks within and tell you which channel they are among other things. Examples include the Mac and and free ones such as Acrylic Home Scanner though a scanner built in and Amped Wireless also a free version of which lets you create a of your if you upload a the routers frequently use channels 6 and so these are more likely to be congested. You may get better results by disabling channel bonding and using a different single channel. Remember to reduce the channel width to switching from the overcrowded baby alarm band to if probably help. The signal travel as ultimate router fix is just to use a better router. Virgin Media does not support so I go into it but there are guides first came across a consumer mesh network in the form of a gaming and messaging called in 2001 gadget that came in from the you could set one up using existing if you knew how. The problems are that tricky to do unless you live in a you really need sites that can benefit from mesh networks include small large restaurant chains and so on. Hotels are ideal. Open Mesh supplies these and includes a network controller called few companies have seen the potential for simplifying mesh networking for home users. These include most They all take the same you can buy a single device or a to set up a mesh. All three have designed their products to look nothing like which is where they differ from Open Mesh. prices are not that the sells a router for and a for costs announced prices of for one and for a but at the time of the product has disappeared from the know of anyone who sells mesh networks in the but Open Mesh has a global network of distributors. sources include Utility Networks and MS you got another question for Email it to should I buy for home can I provide guests with without giving them my can I get my to connect to my new 
blocked a professor from using its service after he uncovered evidence of racial prompting accusations that the policies stifle critical bias row shows prejudice matters and not just to its victims Read the Guardian contacted about the suspension of an associate professor at Business a spokesman said it had reinstated his account. Emails show that who is one of the most prominent researchers cited in the debate about racism on was suspended because he had created test accounts to study how black guests face higher rates of rejection than white is not research the company adding that he was concerned about the threat they hold over everyone who wants to do this kind of discovered that the technology company suspended him for violating a policy against users having multiple accounts. His wife was also presumably because they use the same address though she played no role in his show discrimination at I created 20 test accounts of varying races. In A suspended my personal account and wife's too. said the company ignored his pleas to the customer service department. The professor said his account was also suspended over the summer and only reinstated after a journalist asked about and regular users were only able to expose discrimination on the site by creating fake accounts to test how hosts responded to users of different races. Earlier this black users started sharing discrimination stories on social media with the viral Some of them showed how a host rejected their request but then immediately approved them when they created fake accounts with white profile research demonstrated that the problem isolated. In he created 20 test accounts that were identical except half used while half had white names. The which involved thousands of listings across five US found that black users were less likely to be accepted than identical guests with white professor said that the suspension policy was particularly unfair if it were used against black guests who created fake white accounts to test whether a specific host rejected them due to their only are they facing discrimination trying to use but then when they try to prove they are Twitter was banned from for creating a test account to research racial bias on the site. Courtesy of a an spokesman said the suspension was a accounts are often an indicator of suspicious activity or so our system automatically suspends these accounts when they are detected. since reinstated the account and eager to work with researchers who share our commitment to building a community fair for rights organizations and government agencies have long used to uncover racial biases of landlords sending black and white renters to property owners who may be refusing to rent to people of Trump faced a federal lawsuit in the after New City testers found that black renters were told there were no vacancies in Trump buildings while white people were offered the long history of housing discrimination and should embrace academics and research have also pointed out that and other technology companies often refuse to publicly share data with independent allowing the corporations to avoid the kind of scrutiny that more traditionally regulated industries face. The suspensions also raise questions about priorities. Although the site has banned the professor for doing an innocuous study involving fake studies have shown how has consistently failed to restrict users who violate local housing laws and run illegal hotels that properly taxed or hires former attorney general Holder to fight discrimination Read super diligent about banning me for my terrible test accounts. the guy running an illegal hotel without the right smoke detector or fire they are looking the other said pretty have argued that the proliferation of illegal hosts has exacerbated gentrification and displacement by turning affordable housing into but that the company has resisted tougher regulations to protect the profits it gains from these in response to the the startup announced it had adopted new nondiscrimination policies and systems to address user complaints. had previously called discrimination greatest challenge we face as a and hired former US attorney general Holder to work on the and other professors say the new policies go far enough. They have argued that if the corporation changed its system so that hosts would not see a potential name or profile picture prior to the would operate like traditional hotels and hosts would not be able to 
My ancestors of the simple wedding party in West East in 1923. To my and are easily though they are not the bride and groom they even married when the photo was wedding was that of my and a soldier who had survived all four years on the of the first world end of the front was a bridesmaid. Two year in 1925 she would marry the fourth from the flashbulb ignited and the picture was the groom and their guests were free to enjoy the revelry which I have no doubt ended in an old fashioned was a single moment captured on film before they left to wonder and plan all the things yet to come in life. something done myself at the weddings of family and friends and particularly at my own wedding this looking at this wedding party across the gulf of that I have the privilege of knowing all the joys and sorrows that lay ahead for and in the decades that followed this died at the outbreak of the second world and just after it ended. In 1950 my was married again to the groom in this picture. and affectionately by my grandmother as Uncle and by my mother as a gentle grandfather called remained great companions until died in long received a third marriage proposal from brother to and third from which well into her politely love this picture partly because it captures young survivors of the far enough away from the horrors of their first war to enjoy all that life had to before the strife and struggles of the second world war more than drawn to the picture because this group of intertwined ancestors reminds me that we all even on our most momentous days with heads full of unknowing the great twists and turns that the and our own will take in the years A surreal sound on the beach when I was two Trailing Around in a Trailer by Twitter It was one of those still days of early summer. We had a caravan parked on the beach at Great which you could do in 1933 before there were was my sister not yet born. How do I remember all I am famous in my family for my good memory and can recall tastes and smells from even before I was two. Mother and Dad were foraging for winkles on the rocks and eating them with pins. Higher among the sand where little tussock grasses they picked flowers as I know them to be so it must have been May or when they that Dad was playing a record on his portable gramophone. It was around in my trailer a champion. Camping out voice echoing across the sands rather love to on spread the and cover every inch of the bread with annual holiday always started with an argument. Who was going to travel in the boot of my estate car with the I have three older and so I usually was a long journey from Stoke on to and I always ached when released from my Cavalier estate prison. The discomfort was exacerbated by the huge volumes of luggage my older sisters insisted was necessary for a month in during the school summer holidays. As a family we made the annual pilgrimage to visit our who lived in a small village near Twitter on we had arrived and all six of us had squeezed into her tiny it was time to eat. My grandmother pretty much lived on potatoes and but my mother ensured that we ate number of Dutch delicacies were unobtainable in the in the giant smoked the best crunchy served not with ketchup but far more exotic mayonnaise. Huge loaded with whipped cream and available in an array of unusual double treacle waffle biscuits lightly spiced and containing a thin layer of sticky fresh gateaux that were incredibly light despite being encased in yet more fluffy cream and flaked almonds. And my beloved a thick vanilla there was only one real focus for the ultimate in breakfast bread and toast I now have my own and taken them to hasten to add with nobody in the glad to say that the food is just as good as I remember. Best of they still sell at the supermarket and we always bring some love to hear your will pay for every Letter Snapshot or We Love to Eat we publish. Write to Family The Kings 90 or email Please include your address and phone 
There has been much debate about the Teaching Excellence Framework since it was initially proposed. Some have called for an outright while others have come up with ideas about the principles it should follow. But I am interested in how to design an effective system to measure and improve the quality of learning and teaching across the higher education system. What would that actually look the Teaching Excellence Framework be Read are four things that need to be We need to that any form of measurement is expensive and to avoid wasting it needs to lead to improvements in practice. we need to accept that no measure is precise. Metrics are sledgehammers rather than lasers and at offer broad indications of quality. Any instrument that we are offered will be lubricated with vast quantities of snake need to take account of what we know from more than 40 years of research into learning and teaching in higher but also what we know about how institutions respond when they are assessed on performance need to that this involves designing an assessment rather than arguing over individual of a criteria will be based on a view of teaching. We need a clear basis on which to include and exclude each criterion. There are a number of potential frameworks that could be used for for the Teaching and Learning Research 10 principles of teaching and learning or the Professional Standards Framework for Higher Education. The individual metrics informing the assessment system need to be part of a collective and coherent system. This involves relating the metrics to the overall criteria and showing how they measure something that is identified as a necessary element of high quality teaching. The metrics should be measures of the quality of teaching rather than the prestige of institutions or the profile of their students. To improve their institutions would have to improve their teaching practices. The overall criteria should remain stable but the actual metrics should change every year. They should be drawn from a very large public bank of potential metrics. This is important so that institutions focus on improving the quality of their practices rather than fixing individual judgments offered by the should be relatively simple. They should be focused on the subject level rather than the institutional level because institutions have of variable of by these the current Year 2 version of performs In benchmarking the metrics by entry characteristics and flagging statistically significant differences are improvements on university league tables. not focusing on the subject level is a major flaw in the Year 2 ability to offer valid indications of quality this is in for Year reward for good teaching in We can push learners deeper into debt Read the impact of not basing the system on a vision of teaching quality becomes even more apparent in the discussion of future metrics. Measures that we know do not relate to the quality of learning and such as contact hours or are being pushed by the government. Measures that we know are such as the expertise of teachers or the ways students are transformed by are not even part of the issue is that if the is not based on a systematic view of then there is no basis on which to include or exclude potential measures of excellence. As a an opportunity to develop the quality of teaching across the sector and give students more valid indicators of the quality of different courses will be lost to ministerial hunches about what good university teaching looks like. This article was amended on 27 to say that the benchmarking is better than league rather than some league the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education 
Every people who have enjoyed outdoor summer swimming challenge themselves to continue through the darker months. For those who manage to keep going through that first swimming often becomes a lifelong passion. If you have already taken the or are considering whether to embark on a winter three new short all showing at this Mountain will inspire you. We spoke to the three women who feature in the Twitter ice holing at Loch national park. watching the first few minutes of Afterglow sends a chill through the camera pans over hills in the light is a cold the lake dark and forbidding. stands at the rubbing her red hands together before undressing. You almost hold your breath when she walks into the freezing mountain lake. Afterglow follows as she sets off alone across the snowy landscape of to an isolated mountain lake. certainly at the more extreme end of winter but has been swimming outside since she was a child and in lakes for years and is passionate about cold water. She might be standing in the snow shivering but inside that feeling of being enveloped in freshness almost a craving and what you do it no shortage of fresh water where lives in but she does have a spot. is one particular lake a walk from my the cliffs around it are very dark and imposing means but the water is the most incredible blue. It almost feels the film talks about the allure of deep water. always searching for that abyss. It gives you a real clarity of It sounds but watching her floating in a huge dark body of water surrounded by mountains you start to see the appeal of being so immersed in nature. Twitter As a she is as interested in the way the female body moves in water as she is the mental experience of it. She has photographed herself underwater but her current project is less more epic. Two years ago she embarked on Swim a project to explore every body of water in and record her experience of each one whether dipping her toes in or a full puts the surge in popularity of outdoor swimming in to want freedom but also to do things for free and anyone can get into water we have to pay a huge amount of Her advice for people starting out is to listen to your off in a to get used to it and then just do everything very slowly until you feel right. Get out when you start to feel get to know your own body and its by Eyes and Ears will be introduced by at the Outdoor Swimming session on 20 at the Mountain Twitter outdoor started swimming outdoors when it was called for a says an artist who is profiled in a new short film that is part of the Mountain Journal Short series from outdoor brand was having an annual crisis and I did one of the early holidays in the islands. Then it suddenly occurred to me that you could swim outside in England. It was crazy. All through the and the water quality good. You were advised not to swim in rivers or reservoirs and you question it. But I started to swim and I met on a swim and together we set up the Outdoor Swimming Society film shows swimming the length of a challenge that took her just over six hours. bad for a as she puts it is In fact a pretty good time for anyone. It can take up to eight hours. Twitter swimming off the coast. and Sky is no stranger to long distance which she describes as a yoga do it as a sports with gadgets and watches. a meditative quality to As well as being a founding member the she also established the hugely popular Dart which this year attracted 1,600 participants over two days significant increase from 200 in The Dart is still one of her places to swim. I do it as a sports with gadgets and watches. a meditative quality to live in near in south and am lucky to have some great swimming places nearby. with rivers falling off it all over the place and got a really nice coastline. Rock is a lovely reef you can see kelp and spider crabs like swimming over a garden. At the estuary on the river you get a fantastic current and there are lovely pools in the upper parts of the for not as keen on it as and wears a in winter for more militant But she certainly makes it look easy in the standing on the Sugary Cove near in a and woolly before calmly walking into the chilly water and setting off around the advice for anyone getting started is to just keep swimming the summer When you get into very cold water it takes 60-90 seconds for your body to give in so you have to go through that so horrible for 90 seconds then you feel fine. got about five or 10 minutes and then the cool blood whooshes into your core and you get something called the so you need to get dressed warmly and have a hot drink before will be introducing the film at the Outdoor Swimming session on 20 offers private swimming lessons email her at at Brooks Twitter Brooks swimming in a loch in the her latest Brooks left her home territory of and to the Highlands. The Bothy Project follows three artists as well as a there was poet and writer Carter and painter as they escape to a remote bothy and explore their with Brooks usually goes for solitary swims in the lakes of documented in her film but swimming in the Highlands felt very different. know a lot more visited. In a massive expanse of wilderness. The loch I swam in is large and there are mountains on each and when I came up for breath I could see those huge peaks on either side. It felt bigger and Brooks swimming outside is something always done and always will. come here to she says in come to experience the water and all that goes with it. I like to feel the elements on my skin and be connected to the seasonal changes. she through so physical. You necessarily have to swim far. You need mental strength to make yourself get in that then the physical rush of being so you can go in for a short time and you feel like done something quite big. Going for a jog for a few minutes have the same effect. You get out of cold water and feel so your skin is zinging from the Twitter Writer one of partners in the Bothy those starting out she advises you keep going you are going to but if you been swimming over the go with someone. just jump into a deep body of water. The temperatures are dropping now and a real so walk in and know where you can get Bothy Project directed by will be screened from on 18 at the Alpine Bothy event space as part of the festival. There is no trailer available Kingdom 
A row has broken out over the future direction of Momentum after its chair proposed that its first ever conference should be held who founded the group after playing a key role in 2015 leadership is facing opposition to his proposals from the and northern regional committees of the group. The two committees passed motions condemning and demanding a recall of the steering committee and a of its proposals include allowing 20,000 members to vote directly on its direction and structures. One Momentum insider said certain factions in the movement wanted a traditional conference with elected but it was feared those delegates were likely to be and could alienate more digitally savvy members with no prior experience of political proposal for all members voting is very it involves loads of participation to edit proposals over that people can then pledge support and very similar to political the source said. Momentum supporters celebrate victory Read being quite and standing in for a series of tensions which are actually about issues between people who have been in or groups for a long and people who those who are young and those who are older. And become very around which conference had not been idea originally but one he had gradually warmed the source said. gets for being the but he is the one backing the which is to his national steering whose members include former campaign staffer Tarry and members and called an emergency meeting on where a surprise vote was taken to give members the power to determine the direction of the movement. That decision was opposed by other including from the Alliance for Liberty and the Fire Brigades Union general who a delegate committee members also voted to postpone a scheduled meeting this month of the national a higher body which has not met for several the coming members will propose their ideas on and an email to members from the steering committee said. will use digital technology to ensure that all members can be involved and shape committee member who also opposed the said the decision to hold a virtual conference had been sprung at the last minute. was in a meeting called with 19 hours he wrote in a post after the meeting. lot of this was justified with an attitude possibly be undemocratic to let all members so pack up your deliberative structures and democratically agreed Whatever your this is just an farcical way for that decision to be at the Representation Committee conference at the Wrack said Momentum was a but I have to say in my an opportunity that could well be think has some questions to answer about the conduct of the said there was a to have any trust or in local Momentum groups. find it quite staggering what has happened over the past 24 he said. is an insult to local groups and I believe it needs challenging. People actually have to face each other and talk to each other and have to have meetings and if you think you can change the party without doing that you are living in cloud cuckoo Momentum members have begun to openly call for the removal of Momentum campaigner Tony used a to accuse of a coup. are the very antithesis of democratic he northern regional committee said in a statement that it wanted national committee to recall the current steering committee and elect a new lineup to take work forward until the national spokesperson for Momentum is the chair of the steering he was elected to this position in and is an integral part of our movement. The national committee meeting will take place in The exact date will be determined this week. is made up of activists from several political and traditions. Debate and some disagreement is not only to be expected but healthy. These creative differences and pluralist approach ultimately strengthen Momentum. Talk of a split is 
In recent the film about and the movement to pardon the have renewed worldwide attention on the scope and substance of government surveillance programs. In the United the debate has often been a narrow focused on the rights of under domestic law but mostly blind to the privacy rights of millions of others affected by this quietly as the government is renewing its assault on your privacy Read just last a court held that intelligence agencies acted unlawfully by concealing bulk spying programs from the public for over a decade. in a lawsuit brought by Privacy the and eight other the influential court of human rights will also weigh in on surveillance programs revealed by and the result could have implications far beyond the debate in the US has led to some piecemeal reforms including the Freedom Act and modest policy changes many of the most intrusive government surveillance programs remain largely intact. These include programs conducted not just by the but also by its close partner in the United called the Government Communications Headquarters with whom the swaps vast sets of private data. This bulk surveillance violates rights to privacy and freedom of expression rights that are guaranteed not only under US domestic but also under international human rights law. That latter legal framework speaks a universal enumerating fundamental rights that every person enjoys by virtue of our common the we brought suit in challenging surveillance programs that violate these fundamental rights. The case has now made its way to the court of human where we recently filed our principal submission. The court plays a critical role in the international human rights system by enforcing the Convention on Human a treaty ratified by 47 nations. Its judgments are legally binding and its rulings help shape the interpretation of human rights law throughout the lawsuit challenges the mass surveillance of traffic transiting undersea as well as the access to information gathered through the breathtaking array of bulk spying programs. These have for the recording of every single cellphone call out and within at least two its collection of hundreds of millions of contact lists and address books from personal email and and its surreptitious interception of data from and Yahoo user accounts as that information travels between those data centers located abroad. The suit also seeks to shed light on the secret agreements governing access to these massive hoards of data and vice versa. While this lawsuit has clear implications for the rights of it matters for as well. It is one of the first direct challenges to mass surveillance within the international human rights framework. The judgments of the court of human rights influence the interpretation of other international human rights such as the International Covenant on Civil and Political which the US ratified in 1992. A determination by the court that mass surveillance is unlawful would call comparable surveillance programs into question by sending a powerful message that they are fundamentally incompatible with human international human rights law framework makes clear that government surveillance must be prescribed by targeted and proportionate. These requirements are designed to balance a need to address security threats and its obligation to protect fundamental rights. Bulk spying programs plainly fail that test. By their very bulk spying programs are neither targeted nor proportionate. They invade the privacy of broad swaths of people without any individualized suspicion of wrongdoing. Surveillance should be directed at obtaining specific intelligence in individual not indiscriminately subjecting all of our private information to government in both the and the legal basis for and full scope of government surveillance powers remain opaque. Critical safeguards such as independent judicial review of spying programs are hobbled in many The arrangements challenged in this case underscore a critically important fact as we are all foreigners to someone. The mass surveillance programs surely intercept the communications and data of If are concerned about other countries intercepting their information in bulk and sharing that information including with the US government then they should care about ensuring there is an international legal framework that constrains these activities. Just as human rights law requires that surveillance be prescribed by and government should adhere to the same standard. Outsourcing surveillance hardly lessens the intrusion. whether the or US intercepts the information itself or obtains the same flow of data from another intelligence the same protections should apply. As the debate over mass surveillance it is vital that we consider the ways in which this spying violates the fundamental rights of millions of individuals throughout the world. Should the court of human rights rule against mass its decision will have implications for the rights of and alike. security and 
Cubs beat to claim World is still celebrating this morning after changing a narrative that cast them as perennial losers. The Cubs won the World Series title with an 8-7 victory over the that took 10 innings and one monumental collapse before it was over. In the thousands of Cubs fans hugged and wept and waved white flags with the blue signifying a victory. But as celebrated their monumental they had the unsettling task of doing so in front of the fans who have endured their own drought their last World Series win was back in Cubs win World Series after 108 years as perennial losers Twitter Cubs win first World Series title since appears to censure has criticized the way the revealed a new investigation of emails reportedly found on the laptop of aide estranged and possibly linked to private a move that has rocked the US presidential election in its final stretch. do think that there is a norm that when there are we operate on innuendo. We operate on incomplete information. We operate on leaks. We operate based on concrete decisions that are delivers stinging critique of operate on hold the election key for was always going to play a pivotal role in a campaign that could culminate in the election of the first female president in history and seems likely to a see a historically large gender gap at the polls. Women favored the Democratic candidate in 2012 by 11 in 2008 by in 2004 by and in 2000 by 10 points. This year the gender gap stands on average at 17 a spread amplified as a consequence of language and galvanizing many female voters to ensure he does not get women could vote into the White House Twitter women stand divided over Trump and on eve of bombshell helps Trump but is it race between and Trump appears to be getting even closer with just six days left before the election. An average of six different polls shows that is now just 1.7 percentage points ahead of Trump. But still a lot of variation one poll finds that is three points another finds that she is six points behind Trump. Both surveys were conducted after news broke that 650,000 emails had been found on an helps Trump in polls but will it affect election rape accuser stays woman who is suing Trump for allegedly raping her as a child abandoned a plan to speak publicly on citing death threats. The known by the pseudonym hid from media who were invited to her office for a press conference in which she was expected to reveal her identity. Doe has alleged the casino owner assaulted her on four occasions at parties in New hosted by the disgraced financier also accused of accusing Trump of raping her at 13 cancels her plan to go Guardian is an independent voice in this means no bias or corporate owner influencing our coverage. But political reporting takes a lot of money and hard work to produce. If everyone who reads our coverage helps to pay for our future will be more secure. Support the Guardian with a monthly or a setback for parliament alone has the power to trigger by notifying of the intention to leave the the high court has ruled. The judgment is a substantial setback for the prime who wants to set the exit process in motion by March. The lord chief justice said that government does not have power to give notice pursuant to article 50 for the to withdraw from the A government spokesman said that ministers would appeal against the decision. The hearing before the supreme court will take place on 7-8 for May as high court says must approve soars on advertising almost tripled its profits in the third quarter of 2016 as the social media giant took an even larger slice of the advertising market. The company reported a increase in advertising revenue on for which the US election was partly Mark profits soar as it continues to swallow advertising criticized over pipeline North local government has condemned for his response to the Access pipeline accusing the president of allowing Native activists to escalating their violent chairman of the County slammed for saying he was monitoring the situation and was to let it play out for several more weeks and determine whether or not this can be resolved in a way that I think is properly attentive to the traditions of the first pipeline response lives in government official miles on the road with Trump widespread the Republican message of disenfranchisement has resonated across often in its most forgotten corners of the US. Viewed from is no longer a great writes His dismissal by liberal elites and the loud distaste voiced against Trump have only added to his appeal. am says in yes I am voting for Trump. Tired of politicians. He is putting on a great pissing them other bastards off. They deserve I learned after 100,000 miles on the road talking to Trump case you missed it the very concept of the royal family is the antithesis of Prince Harry fifth in line to the is dating outside royal venues. the apparent new global development ambassador and lifestyle is biracial and Despite talk of the aristocracy has a long history of writes Prince Harry and the myth of royal US 
going for St is a kind of just right. Old of oldest but not Not too frantic and not too dull and but green and verdant. The city is a historical high on a hill and folded into bursting with Roman remains and ancient trees. Not too not too small. Technically a with a cathedral abbey longest trivia and the cultural heft of a its beer festival is a sight to behold. But you can walk to the city limits. perfectly positioned not too far away from anywhere in 20 journey from central cupped by the and the Mum and Dad moved here in the Move must be in the genes. This is where I began life in a starter home on a suburban at the edge of town. Four decades only one teeny tiny the property prices. Just case against Some people might call it Posh How dare a dozen or so an hour at peak times to St and six or so north to 15 and on a good an hour into central Plus 10 drive from the and half an hour to and its and about 45 minutes to Great. among many Abbey and my old school Maple are says and are with St and College out A fine selection of such as the Six Bells and the plus good food at and to buy This is prime commuter get in anywhere you can. Large and town and smaller town Terraces and a a of the week postwar in need of with Co through move to getting its back Read the streets Bill Odyssey cinema. Waited years for it to be restored. One comfy tables and a few sofas. Best of the bar is open throughout the Cairns market plus visiting and Live in St Join the debate below. Do you live in Do you have a haunt or a pet If email by 29 move to 
My husband and I are in our and have been together for 30 years. I cannot remember the last time we had sex it was at least four years ago. The last few he found it difficult and lost his erection. I know and I think I felt that maybe it was me somehow. The problem is that we have no intimacy at all. He has never been terribly demonstrative and I wonder if this is because his parents never but now we never never hold never cuddle. I have but it is very obvious that he want me near him he becomes stiff and awkward until I let go. At the every conversation we have turns into an argument at it seems better not to talk at all. Hence the idea of even starting to become close again is not something I feel I want to do. I see other couples our age holding hands and being affectionate even my who are now feel lonely. Our two children will soon both be gone. I often think about leaving but the reality is very difficult to think about. We have very little pension between us and our future depends on selling up and possibly buying somewhere smaller. If I were to leave we would both struggle for and I would certainly have no option of retiring from my which I find very stressful. We live as We share we do things as a family we eat together and share etc. We spend evenings together. We go out as a couple maybe once a year. I yearn for some love and affection from someone although I could go on as I when I think of the next 30 years or so without especially when my children have I feel very down. I know what to do. I know how to begin to leave him as I have nowhere to cannot afford to rent somewhere and want to leave our lovely house. I am going round in circles month after year after year goes by. I wish I could just have a break from him in the hope that we could then and make a new start. Some couples have or sex but a lot of and function well and are happy. Some couples have a great sex life but little else. The key is what both of you are happy and you are clearly not lack of intimacy seems to bother you the which surprising. Intimacy which a specialist in relationships once described to me as absolutely what was going on with the other is really about communication and that seems to be sorely lacking. Communication is hugely important in relationships. when a man loses his the partner it and then consulted a therapist who is such a common problem and usually it is disguising other major erectile dysfunction is not something to discount easily and be medically checked out in the first instance. Has your husband been to seen a I appreciate that it is a difficult subject for you to bring up with a man loses his the partner it and then retreats. What then tends to happen is people become more distant. They communicate and every conversation turns into an what may be happening if your partner fears erectile dysfunction is that he will fear physical closeness and you in turn interpret that as rejection. And so it goes parents not being overly affectionate with each other necessarily explain why your husband is like this. His generation tended not to be so Although we note that you say your parents are very affectionate together this may throw your own relationship into starker think it is very much worth trying to because you really think about splitting up if you tried as far as possible to fix this. I think therapy would really help either try your or find an accredited local therapist through the College of Sexual and Relationship Therapists site would be most beneficial if you could go to therapy but you make your husband go. I appreciate that even asking him to go may be too much at the moment you can have couples therapy on your own and he can join you or not at all. It would be amazingly beneficial for you to talk in a safe place this problem is nothing to be ashamed you and your husband need is communication and when you do eventually sit down and it will be amazing what comes out. I always think that seeing yourself through someone eyes can be incredibly or incredibly alienating. That is the but either way it is illuminating unless you want to spend the next 30 years in this dulled it is a process you have to go through. Good problems The Kings 90 or email regrets she cannot enter into personal on Twitter 
The has determined that a new batch of emails linked to private email server not changed our that she committed no criminal director told congressional leaders in a letter on director's troubles just beginning after latest twist in email tale Read campaigning continued ahead of presidential a spokeswoman said the candidate was this matter is The Democratic reacted with anger at the and cast doubt on whether the had even carried out its work. review 650,000 emails in eight Trump told a campaign rally in Sterling on 28 only 11 days before the presidential sent congressional leaders a letter informing them that agents had discovered emails appear to a prior into use of a private server while she was secretary of state. It was later reported that as many as 650,000 such emails were in so close to an proved tremendously controversial. In had announced that and her aides were but that reasonable would bring a case against my the investigative team has been working around the clock to process and review a large volume of emails from a device obtained in connection with an unrelated criminal wrote to Congress on that we reviewed all of the communications that were to or from while she was secretary of on our we have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in with respect to Secretary he concluded. am grateful to the professionals at the for doing an extraordinary amount of work in a short period of Twitter Trump on and the was her campaign plane when the news as she had been when delivered his first letter nine days earlier. As news aides huddled toward the front of the reading from an and spokeswoman entered shielded by a moments before she spoke to the are glad to see that has as we were confident he that he has confirmed the conclusions that he reached in and we are glad that this matter is she told retains edge over Trump in election's final sprint Read the plane in roughly 30 minutes after did not respond to a question about whether she had seen the letter. When the letter was Trump was speaking in an airplane hangar in but did not mention the letter to the instead directing his anger against his Democratic he review 650,000 emails in eight days. is guilty. She knows it. The knows the people know it and now it is up for people to deliver justice at the ballot box on 8 The Republican nominee also insisted that despite rank and file special agents at the let her get away with her terrible crimes including the deletion of 33,000 emails after receiving a federal seemed to be alluding to leaks from within the bureau that revealed acrimony and political rifts within the after Department of Justice officials expressed surprise that would break with decades of tradition regarding investigations and elections. Other leading Republicans tried to dismiss the new conclusion. things changed at all. What director said on 7 under oath to Congress is still the that she was reckless and careless in her handling of campaign told reason that so many have a problem with honesty and trustworthiness and veracity does not House speaker also insisted that the new conclusion should not change any opinions about of this the undisputed finding of the investigation is that Secretary put our secrets at risk and in doing so compromised our national he said in a statement. simply believes above the law and always plays by her own this misogynistic horror show. Put in the White House Read has endured spats with Trump for he urged to vote for the as he did last week. the people have the opportunity to ensure Secretary never gets her hands on classified information said. bring the era to an end by voting for Trump on new emails were discovered on a laptop belonging to a disgraced former congressman who is the estranged husband of a close aide to is under investigation for allegedly exchanging sexually explicit messages with a first letter surprised both campaigns and cast the into the middle of an bitter and volatile race. Senior Democrats accused of political said she found the letter and Trump gleefully predicted the emails would reveal a corruption scandal than Twitter just wanted to show a protester relives Trump attack at the top Democrat on the House intelligence said letter should end and for accusations that had committed any the original letter should never have been sent so close to an expeditious review of these emails should put to rest the irresponsible speculation indulged in by the Trump campaign and is atmosphere spurred sources say Read said it had nothing to add to letter. Yet while the immediate drama has remains in a precarious the ranking Democrat on the House judiciary hinted at political battles to will have many questions about the handling of this usually a staunch ally of the security said the end of what she called made his decision to intervene more called on the justice department to at its procedures to prevent similar actions that could influence future elections 
hard to imagine a more version of a band than La Femme. For all that their second one of the is wholly accessible and dripping with fantastic it exudes a sense of cool that bands rarely manage any more. It tries on a wardrobe of different clothes surf and more and ends up looking fantastic in all of them. It sounds also made La Femme proper pop stars in As their manager guides me into a brasserie in their home turf in clutching a copy of leading pop culture to hand to the and Got. La Femme are on the although a certain amount of about the fact that the only person pictured is their like a Vogue observes. Twitter Singer this a boiling day in early the album has been out a few and is No 3 in the midweek charts. When the tour reaches in they be headlining the Proper pop you see. Their increasing has meant attracted some curious fans. Take who is in his and has the words La Femme tattooed across his throat. likes to smoke crazy weed and take a bunch of says the show he listens to the album and dances At which point in so far as he can while cramped into a tiny booth in a crowded with his lunch in front of him and a bottle of red on the table mimes someone dancing in the manner of a deranged ostrich. I have to speak to him. I know very happy to be but people think weird. And if too going to kick you and guitarist Got met at secondary school in near the where summer is alive with holidaymakers and winter is dead. little in the way of live music and nothing much else to do. are four bars at a junction where everyone goes to says. we like it too because if you are dressed too or too hipster or too trendy they call you a fag. So a bit hard to grow up in if you are really Twitter Watch La video for on soon as they the pair moved to to dream up a band. Their the unpromisingly named collapsed because their singer only wanted to one day a week. And so they formed La a group that would as puts Underground or Very They were listening to underground from the and from the They also knew their group had to look great. always said that if we had a it had to be fucking and look in there were only two problems nowhere to and no interest in them. They emailed 50 clubs in asking for and got just two answers. At the the stage was so small the bass player had to stand at the back of the crowd with the sound plugged into the mixing desk. They had only eight songs because some of the crowd had turned up they went back to the beginning of the set when they had finished and just started over. Twitter La Femme at the Rock en Seine festival in August. came the move that made a quite magnificent stunt that hoodwinked the entire music industry. The band had recorded a for a small and decided that going to would make them famous. So they emailed 100 venues in the again asking for gigs. only two people but one of them offered to help out. New band of the La Femme Read went to US with each and this girl found us 20 says. at the same our was released. So the industry was the They have an out and they are touring in the US and we know So the buzz began to start. When we came back to it was red carpet. Fucking Twitter Watch La on were duly signed to former home to and Their debut Psycho Tropical reached No 33 in and La Femme were on their taking any opportunity that came along Saint catwalk performing at Psych in where looked like anything but a was almost he a huge hat and a In Is he sure he look like a He ponders for a moment. I looked like Merlin. It was so magical. I was so happy. Like the sun shining La Femme play Bush on 17 travel was paid by and 
the home of free thought and discussion. the fantasy I had in mind as I sprung through its doors on a day in eager to get cracking with some intellectual University students vote for campus ban on Mail and Express Read it quite panned out like that. On morning I received an email explaining that my union had voted to ban the the Daily Mail and the Daily Express from campus. Their reasoning was that these outlets a tendency to fuel racial tension and hatred in And as a journalism student here at City University I can understand at least some of their concerns. Whether the objectification of the migrant bashing or the campaign against it can often feel as if these papers do more damage than their presence is these fringe publications read by a radical minority. Together these tabloids represent nearly half of the daily newspaper readership. To ban them in ignore the voice of swathes of the population is to ignore the realities of modern The entitled Fascism and Social Divisiveness in the is a contradiction of the very values that the union claims it is protecting. nothing remotely liberal about silencing those you may not agree with. The great irony here is that City is home to one of the top journalism schools. said to hold a within the has been described as of and has sent graduates into the most prestigious jobs in the the idea that its union feels it must act as a shield against the of the tabloid press is worrying. worth pointing out that less than of the population a mere 190 students turned out to vote on the motion. To this is proof that the result is by no means representative of the student population. But it is frustrating to know that such a small number of misguided idealists have had such an effect on the rest of us even if the ban itself seems practically impossible to implement. Many other journalism students I have spoken to are strongly opposed to the vote. student newspaper ban has damaged the reputation of the journalism department more the chances of students to get jobs in the free speech in universities under Read we accept this then we allow ourselves to become part of an authoritarian department's mannequin campaigning for free speech. have been launched and protests took place today in the journalism department. But even if this ban does get as it now seems it the very fact that it was so easily given the is worrying. If 2016 has taught us one that the is far more divided than we ever thought. The blame for that in some with these tabloids and their rhetoric. I detest the xenophobia and they have spouted as much as the next But these are issues that need to be argued. Shooing them away simply work. If the 3.6 million daily readers of the Mail and Express deserve to be part of the then never know who does. Keep up with the latest on Guardian follow us on Twitter at and become a member to receive exclusive benefits and our weekly University of of 
your lot from me. But fear not because I have match report for hot from the Principality Stadium. as for reading and do join me in just a few hours for v New live from dispel of demise with demolition of Wales Read more A day to forget for Wales and a 12th consecutive loss to A bit more fight in the second half and a try from but in a cohesive attacking it was dross. Utter dross. Significant backwards steps have been taken since the summer tour in New They have a habit of starting autumn campaigns slowly but no excuse for the abject in the first half particularly. at least put in a shift and can take a bit of too in everyone else nope. Not after their heaviest defeat by since 2007 and the heaviest against the Wallabies in since nothing away from though. They were They the fluidity with which they attack is a delight to watch. The chasm between the north and south in that sense remains as big as ever. ruled the breakdown and as a result had plenty of front foot ball and he had a field day. That probably do him justice he was at the level he was when ripping England to pieces last year. Outside him and also enjoyed themselves and after a difficult will be buoyant that their tour can ensure it finishes on a first Grand Slam since That may be getting ahead of ourselves a touch and they did leave plenty of points on the pitch but they will head to now full of confidence and deservedly for are the visitors and will that he has and in particular available. showed Japan no mercy earlier today and if they are in the mood they can be very difficult to leave with. Dejected Wales captain leads his team off the pitch following their 32-8 defeat. Images 80 Cooper is on and flicks an inside pass. pounces on a loose ball though so Wales have it in the half. He looses it forward which rather sums up day. Wales have it back though and finds who looks for Halfpenny out wide a or two but the ball stuck. And all she wrote. 79 turn the ball over from a scrum. love to finish with a flurry considering the amount of points left out there. 77 knocks it over from in front of the posts and lead by 24. Wales have been improved in the second half but to be honest lead ought to be more. 76 yet another get chance for a Wales try against that called for cool heads and was promptly butchered. to throw in Wales have it and are finishing the but as soon as I say that picks off a loose pass from and scampers clear. been excellent and deserves his try. is congratulated by after scoring fifth try. Images 75 almost gets there a massive overlap on the right. Wales take it until too late but they have it again on the left. whips the pass on and it looks like is over in the corner. The will decide it be a after a brilliant tackle from the replacement Nick 72 Another going to be reset are making sure that if Wales are going to score a going to take plenty of time out of the clock. 71 should score there. Or at least have found the telling pass. back to the scrum. Wales are on they have a no penalty try just yet. 69 clear their thanks in no small part to a bruising carry from and Wales will have a on the Wallabies line. makes his first real mark with a lightning pass to who pins back his Is he going to get No he makes a great cover tackle. Wales still have it but find a way through they have a penalty though and take the scrum. 68 hits Hill and Wales get a bit of a drive going picking up and Wales are on the move but it goes to ground and a bit given a which prompts to hook Slipper replaces him. 67 Penalty for Wales though for putting his hand on the floor so kicks for the corner. Now or never. 66 back underway with a scrum on for puts in. Things really going for Wales and when accidentally runs into an scrum. is receiving oxygen the replay shows a horrible he really rolled his ankle. More bad news for Wales. an extended break while receives treatment so have an email from a Kiwi in Sorry to say it but Wales are just not good enough. What exactly do and north They are both exceptionally for some bizarre reason. Real lack of skills and attacking nous in this Welsh 65 Wales have turned it over on halfway has taken a whack to the head and staggers. He needs to go off for does indeed go on comes son of for his debut. is receiving some treatment he looks in a lot of pain. Hill is also on for his debut in the second row. 63 Halfpenny completely shanks the conversion from both sides today has been pretty shocking. Seventeen minutes to go and Wales trail by 17 62 North is is on. North look best pleased as he trudges off. have it inside the Wales half but kick is charged down. And has a dart down the left. Wales are up to the almost wriggled through. has and Something for Wales fans to cheer at of Wales gathers his own kick ahead to score his first try. Images 59 Better for Wales after a from a naughty one at that has the chance to get some territory. He duly does that. Wales change their front row so throws to on the made a ear of it though. 57 tugs the conversion. lead by 22 in 2007 they won by 31 points in and that could well be improved upon here. And in terms of biggest wins in they won by 35 points at the 1991 World Cup. 56 goes himself and is hammered by have turned it over trouble has it in his and the dashes all the way to the line in the corner. set and match. celebrates scoring a try. Henry 54 A forward pass off the scrum means Wales will have the on right in the middle of the pitch. An opportunity to build predicting to take the ball from and smash nearly but pops an inside pass to Halfpenny. It was telegraphed though but Wales will try again. 52 Wales are improved in the second half. If there is to be any way back though they must score next. And they must do it soon. need the ball to do that though and after gets in it stays in hands. Scrum time once more. 50 Very scrappy. But come back for a Welsh Scrum time. 49 Wales eventually clear their boots it out near halfway so be an Better from working the ball from one side of the pitch to the other. best player by a distance makes a thumping hit on and things are getting scrappy for 47 Wales still have through up the then on the left but isolated. charges again. Wales are into the half and up to the line. Quick hands find North on the right but he runs out of and turn it over 46 Wales win it collects and launches one for to chase but collects with effortless ease. blusters up the middle but picks off a offload a chance for Wales to attack but is stopped in his tracks. 44 Wales make a mess of the and after a scrappy period of North is adjudged to have taken the ball out so an just inside the Wales half on the left. 43 are into the Wales threatening try but Wales are let off the hook when are for crossing. kicks to halfway in a notably quiet Principality Stadium. 42 finds himself on the right wing Wales are at least hanging on to the ball but they look so ponderous in comparison to Halfpenny injects a bit of life as pops up on the left wing but made precisely no and force the turnover. 41 kicks us off. is on for a glimmer a light for Wales. kicks long so Wales have it near halfway. are back out for the second half Wales follow ears still ringing. The decline of rugby has been greatly exaggerated. Any suggestions that the Wallabies were there for the New the north were closing in on the have proved to be utter poppycock. have played with a speed and accuracy that Wales simply cannot live with. Some of the Wales defending has been abject but the Wallabies have toyed with the scored three excellent tries through Hodge and and if who has been magical with ball in hand had his shooting boots on it could be worse. Wales should have seen it coming. warned that would be targeting the breakdown and the speed at which they are recycling possession is meat and drink for and Wales are defending too narrow and Hodge and are having a field for They should be further behind. Much further. They be as bad as this in the second can will be reading the riot act at present and Wales always begin the autumn rusty A rousing comeback is then 40 boots long and then fields the return from has a dart in his own half but get very far so goes long again and picks out are on the march again. This could be curtains for Wales it gets to five out but the ball hits the deck. And breathe. 38 sashays his way into the Wales half and are on the front foot again. A bit of respite for Wales got advantage. Rather tellingly says going so be back for a scrum. Nick of receives the ball from Images 36 finally finds his nailing the hardest of the three conversions. Wales often look rusty at the start of the autumn but defensively they have been as impressive as have been. 35 carries over the 22 though and some more stardust from finds who throws a dummy and cruises over into the corner. Too easy. Far too easy. will be seething. scores a try. 34 From the resulting have won another penalty and again who has an enormous right finds touch. He quite reached the Wales 22 though but will threaten again. 32 A first aerial bomb from and it causes all manner of problems. He hold it and Wales pile forward. A little overeagerly though and North gives away a penalty with under pressure. 31 But Halfpenny is off target. a bad miss from Halfpenny when Wales really could have done with the points. Halfpenny lines up a kick at goal. via Images 30 The contrast in styles of attack is remarkable. Wales are not exactly subtle about it but they have earned a penalty pinged for being offside. Halfpenny will go at goal 29 Rare possession now for Wales. so does and going backwards though. 28 shoves his conversion again so the difference is 10 points.
This news of renewed interest in a newly found cache of emails is just the latest twist in this strange trip to the White House. For months has seemed destined to become the next President of the United recent weeks campaign has been in free fall and he remains well behind in the the voter turnout operation so important in electoral politics. Yet Trump has made a habit of defying predictions of his imminent political demise and so long as the content and the implications of the emails remain unknown we cannot rule out a Trump presidency completely. The issue of character has dominated the campaign. fitness for his persistent appeals to the worst fears and least attractive elements of public his unwillingness to accept the results of the election. And has been plagued by enmity towards her among large segments of the electorate and persistent questions about her the of immune from Read the first time since unease about standing in the world and how it should respond to numerous foreign policy challenges has taken prominence in a US presidential election. For vastly different implications for foreign and as well as trade and would flow from the election of or the question of a or Trump public opinion is utterly unambiguous. Earlier this before most shameful the United States Studies fielded questions about the relationship to the more than 100,000 who took the Vote Compass said should distance itself from the United States if Trump is elected said relationship with the United States should remain Under a of would leave the US relationship or seek to strengthen it. comfort with is she has visited here twice as first lady and secretary of state the 2012 launch of our sister in Much has been made of hawkishness relative to President her greater instinct to deploy military force and to take an active stance in global affairs. It seems likely that foreign policy will be broadly consistent with but with renewed less pensive and a determination to stand up to global bullies. Three of the foreign policy challenges face are already will need to address ongoing attempts to confront the United States and its interests at the same time as she manages US allies in seems determined to take a more active role in the Middle limiting if not eliminating the threat posed by and other extremist and instituting a no fly zone over will also need to police the nuclear deal and limit the wider prospects of a conflagration stemming from must balance the long term trend of increasing cooperation and between China and the United States alongside increasing assertiveness and in places like the South China Sea. For months team have been working on plans to further alliances and partnerships across the North will command immediate attention. Speaking last the US Director of National Intelligence Clapper grimly assessed that the North regime may already be a lost suggesting that the US and its allies may soon face the prospect of North nuclear tipped missiles pointed their way. If the United States is to act to avert the next administration will have to make some extremely tough decisions very early in its term. is already committed to play a part in North contingencies by virtue of our role in the Command charged with supervising the uneasy armistice on the peninsula. The pressing question for is how a President might apportion diplomatic and military effort between the Middle and and how would seek to shape its wisdom is that a President Trump would lead an isolationist This is an incorrect simplification. Trump is a not an isolationist. Trump has he would increase the United States Navy by and the US Marine Corps by more than He has pledged to renegotiate the deal and up the fight against including through the commitment of US presumably ground forces in and A Trump foreign policy could be very active has declared he will sharply escalate trade tariffs with China and designate that country a currency manipulator. He has simultaneously promised to increase the presence of the US military in in like the South China and withdraw forces contributing to the of South and Japan. All of these moves are in a rapidly evolving strategic will inherit an electorate incredibly alive to sexism Read a President Trump would force to a decision on Japan. dislike of Japan is visceral and long stemming back to 1987 when he bought full page ads in the New Times claiming that Japan was taking advantage of the US. Would hedging against less predictable US engagement in continue its decade long trend towards a closer security relationship with Or to assure would seek to distance itself from distinguishing alliance from one the new President sees as unfair and is the status quo candidate for her presidency may not be she will face pressure to demonstrate that US allies are contributing to US interests. A Trump presidency however would put the relationship under much greater stress. It would be unpalatable to a majority of and concerning to those with responsibilities for foreign and policy. These concerns would be compounded by uncertainty as to which of many often campaign pronouncements would actually be implemented and by whom. All of this would put immense pressure on the bipartisan consensus that has guided relationship with 
efforts to keep its negotiations secret are likely to include the establishment of secure reading rooms for and peers to read strategy plan for reading rooms policed by a security officer is designed to ensure that documents cannot be photographed or passed to a third government has come up with the idea as a way of fulfilling a commitment that it will allow parliamentarians the same level of access to negotiating documents as in rooms have been developed in and more recently as a way to stop documents on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership from being leaked. The commission believed that if it emailed documents to they were more likely to be leaked. reading room set out by the minister Lord underlines the dilemma the government will face in keeping parliament informed of developments in the most important postwar negotiation undertaken by and Downing belief it must keep its hand close to its does Once we the people must have a vote on it Read told peers this week that would be given the same access as but added that because there was no precedent for the coming treaty it was not yet clear what access to documents will be given by the said ministers were looking at for transmitting information in such a way as to ensure that there can be timely debate and scrutiny on the while at the same time ensuring that complete confidentiality can be maintained. For we are closely watching the recently opened reading the visitors have to hand over their mobile sign an undertaking that they will not leak the documents and allow a security officer to monitor their movements. They are allowed to take handwritten but not to access computers or select committee report published in the summer had called for parliamentarians to be given the same access to documents as currently enjoyed for trade including the draft negotiating report on parliamentary scrutiny argued that in the it is agreed that documents are supplied to the parliament in sufficient time for it to be able to express its and if necessary to publish formal and for the commission conducts the to be able to take these views and recommendations into a skirmish about access to government some peers and have been pressing ministers to publish a green paper setting out their broad negotiating including its vision for a future framework of at the time it invokes article 50. Signs point to the government seeking a transitional given the complexity of the negotiations is a deal and what would it Read are keeping largely silent because they have not yet reached internal agreement on their negotiating and they are waiting for the supreme court to rule on whether the permission of both Houses must be sought before article 50 is but a handful of the most ardent parliamentarians are likely to vote for the government to be entitled to start the largely making the court case an argument of principle about parliamentary the former diplomat credited with writing article this week urged ministers to shed some of its obsession with saying he could not understand why they believed openness would undermine their negotiating stance. He told peers this initial negotiating stance will not be a secret from the foreigners very because when we say they will hear it. How could it be undermined by being presented to the people and parliament in claimed the real reason for the government secrecy was difficulty it faced in deciding exactly what their initial negotiating stance is to perhaps because the foreign secretary has failed to convince his colleagues that it is possible to have cake and eat it for all the He described the discussion with government as worse than hitting a tennis ball against a saying it was instead like hitting the ball against a nothing ever comes have briefed that they could envisage the government seeking two different trade deals with the one covering goods and the other 
In I received a replacement cooker through my Domestic General insurance delivery man accidentally smashed the bottom of my front door frame and told me to contact with photographs. I did so and was told I had to contact the delivery firm as it was not its problem. The delivery firm has failed to reply. I have contacted four times and who supplied the six times. The broken frame is a but it cannot be repaired until the claim is accepted. Since the replacement as your it should have looked after you when the damage was done even as it it has no after got in touch did it liaise with Whirlpool to secure a settlement. Soon afterwards Whirlpool rang and agreed to pay the sum quoted by a local carpenter for the you need help email at or write to Your The Kings 90 Include an address and phone problems with 
My sister is a bright graduate who has always been stubborn and and needed passionate relationships. When she met her husband and they married and had I assumed she had at last found happiness. But for the past two years she has embarked on an affair with someone she met at is being very open about the with our family and with her husband. She says the other man needs her and she needs the romance of it as marriage enough. He comes to their house and she expects her husband to with him. My has about the situation but want to leave his house and family. He as we all that eventually it will fizzle out. But it hurts am starting to worry for the who are aware of Mum having this found out from the kids that she recently took them away for a weekend with the other and starting to get old enough to something is going and also relationships between my sister and our wider family. My parents have tried but failed to talk to her about it and she is impossible to talk around on any consistently of the view she is right and we are wrong. Her argument is that because her husband is with we should all be too. To keep positive relations with my parents are being asked not only not to judge but also to accept what she is which I consider has always had this stubborn but about five years ago herself with a condition not When you read about women with this it does help to understand her. She has refused to seek any professional advice for preferring to do her own reading. But she is bright and I on some she must know that the situation is hurting her husband. I got involved so far because I know she will simply shut down communication once we try to discuss it. Is there any way we could get through to her the damage she is doing to those around her for the sake of her own Or do I simply sit on the supporting her husband and my parents and waiting for the inevitable Open or polygamous marriages are the way some people operate their of but it does need both sides to agree. And it sound as if this is happening I think affairs between a couple are this really an affair she is conducting in private. She is asking you all in join in to accept another partner in her life it her own partner does not. You are right that you cannot stop but she cannot make you approve of the situation if you do contacted the psychotherapist author of After the who thought what was is usually when people have there is a which protects them from happening in the real world. But that happening here. I feel there is something very about her almost as if it were a cry for I think is happening here is that this is like a mechanism. Your sister is not having to deal with issues with her husband. My feeling is that this is some sort of smoke screen for your diverting her from something else going on. I would like to think whatever diverting from should be the idea what that might both felt that the of a condition was a red as puts it. And no justification for her feel she taking responsibility for her at all is she usually like Or is she absolving of responsibility because she is usually the sensible There is something about her as if she is different and I have to live by normal I feel there is something very about her almost as if it were a cry for your primary concern seems to be for her children. I asked how she thinks they may be feeling. confused they may start asking difficult questions soon. They may even start to as your sister seems to have quite asking her specific such as do you think this is affecting your Not in a way but in the spirit of inquiry. Some people just understand how they can affect advises that if your sister is just defensive or you could gently press further by saying something you noticed your husband is much more sad than If she says you could then try saying something noticed it. I wonder why you your sister really will not take responsibility that her is hurting her all you can do is offer them support but try making it clear you take sides and you are there if she wants to talk. could says your to get on his pertinent question I would ask your sister would you feel if your husband were doing problems The Kings 90 or email regrets she cannot enter into personal on Twitter 
Ten days removed from the shock of around lunchtime on a I navigated the jagged lines of steel police officers and Secret Service battalions with big dogs and big guns surrounding Trump Tower. The shopping tourist trap and set had been transformed into the unlikely plotting ground for the immediate future. It was guess what was taking shape inside the gilded bunkers. Clots of media and protesters crowded the lobby and nearby streets for the occasional or at least glimpses of Maples and Prime Minister of Japan. posed for a with a few lucky cops. The locus of the scene was a bank of elevators ferrying cabinet candidates and the competing maestros of the Trump transition to and from various nerve centers over several floors. Every time a bell announcing the opening of an elevator lobby heads would bob expectantly. that what Sessions looks I heard a photographer ask it is and it was No doubt a host of key Trump and luminary actors were making ample use of auxiliary entrances and sneaking in and out. New predictions and potential firestorms seemed to materialize every hour. The of the incoming White House is shaping up as to say the least. Not one of initial hires has any experience working in a White House. How will they work with the volatile and maven in the Oval With his proclivity to make decisions based on the last person he speaks With his children playing an uncertain his a possibly How will it all work with senior adviser former head of who has a long rap sheet of ethnic and sexist affronts and a war on I had gone to Trump Tower to see the Republican National Committee whom Trump named as his chief of staff five days after his in the same release in which was named chief strategist and senior counselor. was mentioned for scoring at and his appointment has consumed the bulk of the given his ways. But in a filled a more exotic role. He would be the chief establishment ambassador for a president whose brief and meteoric political career has been predicated on blowing that establishment up. A generous reading is that Trump is trying to foster a tension between his top who will represent his own diametrically opposed impulses the devil on one the peacemaking angel on the The simpler reading is that Trump thought that much about this and is simply trying to reward and surround himself with people he feels served him well in the campaign. almost like a puzzle told me last summer. I recall what we were talking but had a knack for homespun logic throwaway lines that would stick with me. I kept thinking of the puzzle mysteries that were playing out up and down Trump even though I showed up without an appointment with and was confined to the lobby watching tourists ride up and down its escalators. and I started talking last as I was undertaking an article for this magazine about the seemingly fracturing state of the Republican Party. We kept in touch during the drank the occasional Miller High Life in his office and exchanged the sporadic email. was constantly going on saying he was certain Trump would even though he could read polls and precedents like everyone else. he carried on as the chief carrier of choppy water because what a party chairman He smiles and spins and swallows his plans and audibles in the name of getting his nominee to the finish line. In a who squired his future wife to a local banquet on their first was the purest form of that Trump would rail against as he bulldozed the For his efforts during the gained the respect and gratitude of Trump loyalists especially the fiercest J. Trump himself. He also won derision and ridicule. He was the subject of multiple stories in The Onion Shakes Head While Flipping Through Old Briefing on Plans for His spirited defenses of indefensible behavior drew him comparisons to Said chief propagandist during the early months of the whose dubious predictions of imminent victory despite growing devastation all around made him an international laughingstock. Long before back when it seemed like a long I asked whether he would consider taking a job in a Trump administration maybe a plum ambassadorship to somewhere. he said. It was a throwaway answer to a throwaway which was laughably hypothetical anyway. But I never had a sense he had thought that much about a Trump administration besides possibly staying on as chairman whether or not the prevailed. For all his a kid from shtick belies a penchant for main rooms and company. No shortage of photos hang on the walls of the headquarters on Capitol Hill. He can be a little He travels far and often to appear with candidates and party dignitaries at events where his presence is not necessarily required. was giddy when I spoke to him last spring as he prepared to attend a party for most influential at Center. We were on the him walking through the lobby of the after a packed day of He sounded almost out of less from exhaustion than what seemed like pure excitement. He told me how stoked he was to meet the golfer and the the Rock. are my top especially the Rock. was a big fan back in the he noting his childhood admiration for Hulk Hogan and Mad Dog up in being named to the Top 100 list is a pretty cool told me. At this I reminded him that no national party chairman would ever be named to the Top 100 except in extraordinary circumstances like these and these were not particularly enviable ones. The White House chief of post is arguably the most grueling job in It would be a burnout under even the most predictable and disciplined of presidents. The average tenure of a White House chief of staff is about two years. jobs are so synonymous with thanklessness that a whole White House mythology surrounds them. good chief of staff is seldom wrote in his 1990 memoir. must see that his chief gets the credit for the successes and must take the heat for its even when they are not his fault. ... He sometimes finds he have many friends or supporters. Some may well call him just a Some may call worse than and maybe already have. is an expression heard use a few times. It refers to being game to do what is swallowing pride and taking one one for the team. If serving as chairman in 2016 has been the definition of eating next gig could go down even harder. 24-7 and never says Card of the job he held in W. White House for more than five making him the chief of staff in history. only area of angst on is that he has young Card referring to son and daughter. Card has a few other one of which he says presented itself as soon as Trump all in the first Republican primary debate last year. thinking he would be a very hard president to work for if he accept people speaking candidly to who remains close to the Bush family and supported Bush for said the most important part of being a chief of staff is remembering that the part is far more important than the part. The president is by far his most important client. know of one chief of staff who failed because he was used to being a says Beth who served as Mitt chief of staff during his four years as governor of may not have that he has been described with that most anodyne term for a the But the White House chief of staff job is not so much about building Card told me. all about serving the only principal who matters. of staff is the only job in that really is defined by what the idiosyncrasies Card says. they a morning person or an evening Disciplined or Do they suffer fools kindly or and the future had their dicey but their relationship grew as the campaign wore on. told me over and over trust I trust felt a need to tell me one day in his office last spring. They have both proved a lot of people wrong and were both aggressively underestimated along the if not outright dismissed. buy this theory that unpredictable is necessarily said back when Trump was just his ruffian nominee and not yet his future boss. You appreciate the magnitude of changing loyalties until you consider just how much energy and dignity he expended before 8 trying to protect from being defiled by Trump. Trump is and the party is the used to tell me during the campaign. His ultimate allegiance was never in question. It was only six years ago that was happily ensconced in as chairman of the Republican Party of Now he is being described as the consummate in the Trump White House. He certainly has a line to Republican namely his close friend and fellow But in the for now all about serving whose partisan impulses have proved flexible through the years let alone his allegiance to the He as a candidate of disruption. He fashioned himself a No doubt this could immediately run afoul of the conservative orthodoxy that has driven the Republican agenda on Capitol Hill. Trump also vowed to the of the lobbyists and and various other parasites and that have fattened themselves so spectacularly in City. In many these are people. He has and campaigned with them for attended their breakfasts and mediated their disputes . He will most likely be looked upon as a chief emissary to the Capitol K Street and donor constituencies that Trump explicitly campaigned against the chief of swamp. For his has undertaken an incendiary mission over the years to upend the no one more so than total and complete sellout of the once referring to stewardship of House could occupy something of a mysterious role in the tradition of presumed presidential whisperers like Rove W. and Both Rove and represented wild cards in their respective White Houses and regular thorns in the sides of the various chiefs of staffs with whom they served. But one notable difference is that neither Rove nor made it his or her goal to obliterate the establishments that their presidents were trying to fold themselves nor did either have close ties to fringe elements of their as has to the and its main platform. has been described as a propaganda by the Southern Poverty Law Center. The site has posted articles linking undocumented immigrants to declared in a headline that Control Makes Women Unattractive and promoted the Confederate flag It High and The Confederate Flag Proclaims a Glorious and referred to Gabby as Human who has tried to play down the most extreme elements of the in recent nonetheless viewed Trump as a kindred provocateur a feeling that appears mutual. In one form or will try to integrate his establishment orientations with these disruptive forces operating all around him. Back during the used to refer admiringly to Trump as earthquake in a In a separate conversation he described his challenge to me as keeping Trump inside Presumably this meant keeping him directed and easier said than but still fascinating and somewhat entertaining to watch unfold in the campaign. But with the presence of and the weight of Trump leading a nervous and divided the challenge in the White House is considerably less entertaining to contemplate. like the certainly creates its own distinct funnel that will shape Trump and everyone around him in inexplicable and perhaps dark ways. As it turned never showed his face in the lobby of at least when I was there. Like many key players inside ragtag circle of has gone largely dark since Election holing up in Transition Tower with occasional hops down to He was not responding to my emails and was described by gatekeepers as from multiple fire So for my most recent and enduring image of is watching him beaming and and a bit stunned on in the early hours of 9. A triumphant Trump had just called him to the declared him a and compared him to Secretariat. tell is really a Trump exulted. come up here. Where is Get over Trump offered him the mike and insisted he say something. There could be no more of a pinnacle moment for an avowed Republican Party animal who used to listen to Newt speeches in the car as a teenager. He would soon go from being one of the most figures in politics to one of the most insiders in a White House of insurgents. and the next president of the United was all could muster. There were worse images to dwell on before the drama intensified and puzzle mysteries inevitably presented themselves. Who knew what the result would lead to or what would become for any of the or any of
I moved to a newly built house in the large village of in and asked to continue to supply my phone and I made it clear that a new line would need to be but think it would be hard as the house is almost opposite the telephone exchange and surrounded by houses that are already first installation date in was pushed back to and since then we have been given around a dozen only for to fail to turn up. The senior complaints team at has failed to resolve the as has Sir has also tried to and while they respond to him more than we are still waiting for a phone line. Six months on I am at a loss as to where to go from here. I have the kids on my back constantly teenagers being forced to live without the is tantamount to child abuse How complicated can it be to get a line connected to a You are just the latest new householder to complain about this needs to work on a solution because it keeps says the delays occurred because the builder failed to get in touch early enough. The Highways Agency then required the work to be carried out on a and admits it failed to apply for the correct permissions. It has and says the work has started this week. All being you could be reading this this week and the teens will be back in the modern finally week was fined by for and breaches of consumer protection including for flaws in its processes and for taking go money without providing a service. This was partly prompted by us sending lots of complaints about it to the regulator has been our most mobile provider for some great that it has been held to some will wonder if the fine is big enough. Last the firm reported sales of more than and adjusted operating profits of more than so the fine equates to about an if my calculations are welcome letters but cannot answer individually. Email us at or write to Consumer the 90 Please include a daytime phone phones 
The has just passed the Investigatory Powers Act at the third and it will become law by the end of the year. The bill was instigated by the then home in 2012. It is better known as the the director of Open Rights described it as the extreme surveillance law ever passed in a It more or less removes your right to one misspelled search for and be in an orange jumpsuit Read law forces service providers to keep a record of all the websites not the actual pages you visit for up to a year. It also obliges companies to decrypt data on demand and gives government security services the power to hack your mobile phones and other some the new law merely the current and as revealed by The most obvious difference is that it makes your web history readily available to almost 50 assorted police forces and government departments. These include the Transport the Department of the Food Standards the Gambling and the Welsh Ambulance Services tracking and you sign up with an the traffic from your and other devices goes to your which feed most of it except various blocked websites on to the You can track this process yourself using therefore knows where you are going You can avoid this by using one or more anonymous between your and your eventual destination. Your will then know you visited the proxy if the is done it know where you went from people interested in proxy but often end up using them. For people or living aboard use proxy servers to watch on while people outside the US use proxies to access and other services. Enter the are two big problems with using free proxies. you may not know running them. They could be helpful hackers or or even they may be unreliable and slow. better to use a virtual private network or corporations have long used as a way of extending their private networks across the public If they encrypt all the traffic between computers in their and other they can send their traffic securely over the without paying for expensive leased lines. service providers offer the same facilities to ordinary users for a small monthly traffic from your is automatically encrypted and sent to the so your see the final destination. The records should only contain the server to contact the Guardian securely Read many people use I recommend them to people who travel a lot or work from public because they protect your traffic from snoopers who steal passwords or worse. I also recommend them to people who are potential targets for other reasons. They might be film bankers or anyone with commercially sensitive a of companies sell and you can find plenty of reviews to help you choose. The things to look for include the number of servers and where they are their privacy the applications they support speed and price. Some have applications for different devices. For has them for and your motivation includes the choose a that is not and that does not keep any logs. If they keep any they hand them over to government raiders. keeps an updated list of services take your anonymity The Best Anonymous Services of 2016. For increased some providers accept payments by dozens of different methods including and anonymous gift note that a guarantee access to any particular website. For has taken to blocking most services hundreds of users are coming from one though some are making technical efforts to maintain access. You may also have problems with fraud detection and so remember that a protect you from and websites that try to install stops your from logging your web but they may still be logged. For your own web browser is keeping a history. also being tracked by dozens of advertising including You can block trackers with a browser extension such as or the Privacy but note that Privacy Badger only blocks trackers from has a which checks whether you are being tracked by increased you could access the from a loaded in your operating and then throw it away after use. is a good free example. Workstation Player is also free for may be the only way to avoid being tracked by This is when the tracking company government gives your a unique identifier based on variables such as screen browser timezone and so on. If you use a virtual every session starts with a generic fingerprint. It may not be but less identifiable than the messaging and charter obviously covers too many services and devices for a single answer. you could consider switching to a secure email service such as and a secure messaging service such as Signal. and also encrypt make use private because always being tracked by the cellular network. you can turn off and when not using them they can also be used to track you and use a for web access. Remember also that many request permissions that enable them to track an ordinary citizen with a you hide from the security any more than you can defend your house against a tank regiment. If they want to hack your they will. If an investigative human rights one of collaborators you need a higher level of if they are not out to get why act as though they should probably better to be as inconspicuous as while limiting the amount of data that might turn up in some bored random fishing think that are or soon will be normal enough not to attract undue attention. There are already plenty of reasons for using a to protect yourself in a world of hostile Hide My Ass and other threats. why many large businesses use The fact that they may also shield you from some state snooping is just a you got another question for Email it to 
A United Nations group is investigating allegations of human rights abuses by North law enforcement against Native with indigenous leaders testifying about of they observed during mass arrests at an oil pipeline protest. Access Native allege cruel treatment Read representative of the permanent forum on indigenous an advisory has been collecting testimony from Access pipeline protesters who have raised concerns about excessive unlawful arrests and mistreatment in jail where some activists have been held in you look at what the international standards are for the treatment of and you are in a place like the United really astounding to hear some of this said a representative of the International Treaty Council. a tribe member who is assisting the forum in its told the Guardian on night that the stories of human rights violations raised a number of serious questions about police response. lot of it was just very The pipeline protests have become increasingly intense over the last two weeks as construction has moved closer to the river and as police have aggressively responded to demonstrations with pepper riot gear and army tanks. The Standing Rock camps first emerged in and have since drawn thousands of Native and climate change activists from across North and beyond to rally against the oil which would carry crude oil from the oil field to a refinery near Twitter Native dancers perform during a peaceful demonstration near the Access pipeline site on 29 tribal attempts to block construction in court have been and the pipeline Energy Transfer has moved forward at a rapid building on lands that indigenous leaders say contain sacred burial the 22 arrests of more than 120 activists set up new camps on the sites where construction is not far from the river that they fear could be contaminated by the County office responded on 27 by surrounding the protesters and arresting 141 have accused activists and journalists of a range of including criminal and a number of serious felonies. Law enforcement have also set up strictly enforced traffic blockades protecting the pipeline site from protesters and the general recently released from including elderly women and young have since shared stories with the Guardian of the treatment they faced behind which they said was cruel and protesters said it seemed clear that police prepared to handle hundreds of people at once in their local correctional facilities. A day after their many still had numbers and charges written on their arms in marker which advocates said was an unusual and dehumanizing way for police to track inmates and some were temporarily kept in cages that they said felt like On and Grand Chief a Native member of the permanent met with police officials in the local town of and visited the controversial Guardian was planning to join the on the and a police spokesman initially told a have nothing to But sheriff Kyle the controversial law enforcement official leading the response to the later refused to let the media saying allegations of poor treatment were before shutting a door on a reporter. Another official with the office also appeared to be hostile toward the representatives when they arrived. In the presence of a Guardian that police official told and John it seemed as if they neutral and had already made up their minds that police had mistreated protesters. A spokeswoman later sent photos of the holding adding in an email that the fenced were 10 by The images show a windowless room with a number of parallel cages with ceilings of fencing. Twitter Temporary holding cells have been installed at the County correctional center to deal with the mass arrests. County Correctional spokeswoman also claimed that while in the the inmates have access to water and medical attention. But several arrested protesters said they had to wait for basic necessities. Holy Elk a woman arrested last told the Guardian that she is diabetic and had very high blood sugar while behind bars. Police were slow to respond to her request for she said. was she adding that she was worried she was going to have a a member of Standing Rock also provided testimony to the representatives on inside a small tent that shook as strong winds blew outside. Young said she intended to help the tribe file a lawsuit against North law saying the violent acts against native people were only conditions of but conditions of embarked upon a peaceful and prayerful she said. were placed in cages. They had numbers written on their arms very much like concentration One million people on to support pipeline protesters Read which has previously urged the US to allow the tribe to have a say in the pipeline plans to issue a report and possible recommendations after its inquiry is a protester and member of the and got emotional while standing in the rain recounting the mass arrests last government is allowing the police force to be used as a military force to protect an oil she said. said she would like to see the sheriff investigated and major reforms instituted in the department to stop the violent response to peaceful demonstrators. started out as defending but now so much Young said she was particularly disturbed to hear police talk of shielding pipeline property from considering the long history of abuse against Native in North and across the US. they tell us we should protect they need to eat their words. Who is the thief Access and gas 
is getting back on his feet. who has been called the foremost paragon of the classical style in but has been sidelined for two and half years because of an ankle injury confirmed on that he planned to return to the stage next month in to dance with the Ballet. The return of a principal dancer with Ballet Theater who made dance history in 2011 when became the first to join the has been eagerly awaited by dance lovers. He was injured in 2014 during a remarkable season in which he danced with both Ballet Theater and the at Center. wrote in The New Times then that he represented certain peak of physical who has been working on his rehabilitation in chose to make his ballet comeback there as in a role debut for during the Opera House season. He is scheduled to dance on 19 and 21. His comeback far from his home companies in New and was kept under wraps until a dance critic for The broke the news on her said in an email that he would think about his next steps but that right now he wanted to step quietly here and see what
When will we know the US goes to the polls on Results will start to come in on from about in when some states close their polling stations on the eastern seaboard of the US. Some states with clear majorities for or Trump will be called very quickly. Depending on how close it is and how certain key states the final result could be known anywhere between and the early evening. Bear in mind that in is midnight in New so it is likely that and Trump will speak to supporters sometime late afternoon be getting results from and from around noon though it may take a while to know who has won in either place. If Trump pulls off a surprise in he will be in a strong position. The result in will be a big indicator one way or the followed by New and North Many states will call early. At about will win if going to win the this could put her ahead on the day for the first time. We may well have a result by Twitter How does the US electoral college is the US electoral of it has nothing to do with schools or universities. It is not a building or a but rather a way of counting votes in the presidential state is worth a certain number of electoral college votes. If a candidate wins a then that candidate wins all of that electoral college votes. My year with covering a curiosity that became a dark phenomenon Read number of electoral college votes a state gets is based on its population size. A state gets a vote for each of its House of Representatives districts plus two votes for its two senators. The more people in a the more members of the House of Representatives it has and the more electoral college votes it has 55 North has has has and so on. There are 538 electoral college votes in total. That means the first candidate to reach 270 electoral college votes wins the presidential election. There have been cases in which there is an electoral college in when finally emerged as and more in the sitcom Veep. In a tie would likely look more like the latter than the former. Is it possible to win the popular vote but not the electoral college Just as Labor under won the popular vote in the 1998 election but win a majority in the a presidential candidate in the US can win the popular vote but fall short in the electoral college vote. This has happened four times in US 1888 and when W Bush beat Gore in the electoral college despite losing the popular vote. Can Trump really voters in could have crucial role in tight US election race Read he could though it looking likely. In the past week lead has largely off the back of the announcement that it was reopening an investigation into her email server. Some national polls have even showed Trump drawing even with her. But has consistently led in the electoral and many polls project her electoral college result at 270 or more. Most polls now project Trump at 200 to 215 electoral college making his task of winning 270 more difficult. a blue state and what is a red the 2000 election the US media have used the red and blue to depict how states are likely to vote. Democratic states are shown in blue. Republican states are shown in red. because red is usually the of the and blue is traditionally the of the right. If I look at one of those electoral college it looks as though Trump is winning everywhere. a sea of red. going on is winning a lot of states but many of the states he is winning are not full of people. So they have small numbers of electoral college votes. By has a of including New and are swing and which ones are states are like marginal seats the ones on a knife edge that can swing between the two parties. Sometimes they are referred to as purple states mixture of red and Swing states to watch in this election are North and New only needs to win all the blue states plus one of these swing states to win the whereas Trump needs to win all the red states and all of these swing states to reach 270 do actually There is no consistent method of voting across the with each state running their elections. Polling hours will vary by city or county as well. Some states use paper as does. Some use electronic where it looks as though the voter is using an Three states and conduct voting by mail for though in voters also have the option of attending a polling US election how much do you remember from the presidential Read states use punch card where the voter uses an implement to punch a hole through the ballot which is then read by a device. first time I voted in a US election from the state of mailed me a punch a pad and a metal spike so I could cast my This form of voting gave rise to the term a in when result was challenged on a number of bases including whether a vote was valid if the punch seem to go all the way through the only voting for are voting for a wide range of measures and Local tax levies for should the county impose a tax to provide more funds to the local State should the state County officials such as coroners and dog catchers Judges they elect judges in Governors states are voting for governors this State legislators voting for your state All 435 members of the federal House of elected every two 34 federal voting for your local state federal government and in several state and local plebiscites all at the equivalent of what are voting for tomorrow. a democracy the difference between Senate and the The Congress is the general term for the entire legislature. The House of Representatives is like the lower house in and the Senate is like our Senate that it is an upper it may or may not have its own quirky la Rod and The Republicans are likely to control the House of mainly because the state legislatures get to draw their own boundaries and have ensured the districts are as friendly as possible to the Republican Democrats may well control the Senate. It is on a knife edge. If it is tied at then the casts the deciding vote meaning the presidential election and the Senate election are two to watch in tandem. so tired of hearing about emails. Just give me the potted she was secretary of state US foreign used a private email server to send and receive work rather than use the Department of secure email have sought to assert she violated state department protocol as well as federal laws regarding record keeping. The opened an investigation to determine if any of the information was classified. Some of it was. But the determined in that while was it would not recommend charges against her. email issues pale in comparison to W. who 22 million emails he kept as president on a private email server. But the controversy has dogged as it fed a perception that she was not an honest person. Last 11 days from the the announced it was reopening the email investigation based on newly discovered that is emails on another computer. lead substantial at that point took a blow. This week 48 hours from election day the has announced that it reviewed these new emails and uncovered no new and thereby stands by its recommendation that should not be charged with any crime. Twitter campaign that email investigation has been this means in terms of voting intentions is hard to say. should she at least start her presidency with a investigation into her emails still hanging over her are three facts I can wheel out impressively on ways the US election could play out Read Did you know is the of US It is the ultimate bellwether it has voted with the US president in every election since 1964. This year population is older and whiter than previously and will probably vote for Trump. It is likely that for the first time in more than 50 years will go with the party that win the Did you know that US territories get to vote in the primaries but not the general people in and the Virgin Islands get to vote for who should be the candidate but they get no say on who wins the When does the winner become Unlike the winner does not take office as soon as possible after the election. will remain president until inauguration day on 20 elections 
which went through a messy at the top last spring just as its project to renovate Hall was beginning to take is turning to academia for its next leader. L. the president of will become the arts 10th president in officials announced In appointing Ms. who is also an author and a former Business School board looked beyond arts administration circles and decided to tap someone with experience running a large nonprofit and with a track record of raising money for capital projects skills that could prove useful as the renovation proceeds. Ms. Spar will succeed who abruptly left the post last spring after officials there faulted him for failing to disclose a consensual affair with a woman he had promoted. Ms. Spar will be the first woman to lead the largest performing arts center. Ms. is taking the helm at a delicate moment. The renovation of the home of the New is proving even more complex than officials initially expected. While Center had hoped to release design proposals this they are now aiming for next fall. Most of the money needed for the which is expected to cost on the order of remains to be raised. And officials have pushed back the tentative date for opening the hall by a to the fall of 2022. But Ms. who started a million capital campaign at which she said was the largest in the said that she was confident that the money for Hall could be raised. want to give you money for something that is she said. very hard to raise money when you say to people fix this hole in the or do infrastructure. very hard to raise money for. But raising money for something that aims to be the best performing arts space in the the chairwoman of said members had been impressed with Ms. record at from the way she had run a complex institution in New City to her involvement with big capital campaigns to her connections to the younger generations that Center must attract if it is to thrive. Center is unlike any other arts Ms. said. really no logical feeder institution. And we thought that it was less important to have someone for had a career playing the than it was to find someone who really understood how to manage a complicated Ms. path to Center has been an unusual one. career is she said. Raised in she said her first visit to the complex as a young child was either for a at New City Ballet or a Young Concert at the Philharmonic she took ballet through college. She graduated from intending to enter the Foreign wound up getting her doctorate in government from after briefly teaching political science at the University of became a professor at Business School. Along the she has written about the rise of the reproductive more the challenges facing women in her 2013 and the Quest for An essay of hers about ideas of beauty and feminism that appeared in The New Times in in which she wrote that she had undergone breast reduction surgery at the age of 21 drew a number of passionate responses. During her tenure at she attracted a more racially diverse student broadened the admissions policy to include women and worked to bolster the role of the arts on bringing the dancer and the choreographer there as artists in residence. Ms. praised Ms. support of arts initiatives at the describing her in an email as knowing and open the president of the Ford Foundation and a vice chairman of the board of New City said in an interview that Ms. Spar had the ability to the room when she walks and praised her efforts to increase diversity at and strengthen its ties to the city. has the perfect blend of ambition and and a tremendous he said. Those chops will no doubt be called on as the project proceeds. Ms. said that officials had decided that preliminary designs needed further prompting the decision to postpone their release until next year. But she said that more unannounced gifts had come in she suggested that close to million had been raised so far and that she was confident that the release of the designs would lead to more gifts. Construction is still expected to begin in she but will occur largely off campus at with prefabricated pieces built elsewhere to minimize the disruption to the Philharmonic. The orchestra will have to leave its hall for two seasons during construction and now expects to depart beginning with the 2020-21 said the president. He said that he looked forward to working with Ms. Spar. Ms. who has written about technological innovation and the said that she looked forward to what a performing arts center needs to be for new adding that more tumultuous times the more vibrant and important the arts next generation listens to music and enjoys performance in pretty different and so how do you think about educating the next generation so that the performing arts become a part of their she asked. that they come to see Center as something they can be part of and participate in and perform at and
When J. Trump met with the politician in recent he encouraged and his entourage to oppose the kind of offshore wind farms that Trump believes will mar the pristine view from one of his two golf according to one person present. The held shortly after the presidential raises new questions about willingness to use the power of the presidency to advance his business interests. Trump has long opposed a wind farm planned near his course in and he previously fought unsuccessfully all the way to highest court to block it. The group that met with Trump in New was led by the head of the Independence Party and a member of the Parliament. who was a leading voice advocating exit from the or campaigned with Trump during the election. an insurance executive who was a major financier of the was also in attendance. did not say he hated wind farms as a he just did not like them spoiling the said the media consultant who was present at the meeting and was photographed with Trump. headed communications for one of the two groups that led the effort. He said in an email that he and Banks would be against wind farms in and said that Banks had previously opposed wind farms and that they had been studying the issue on their own. he Trump suggest that we should campaign on and us in and we will be going for His account of the meeting was previously reported in The a paper. Hope a spokeswoman for transition at first disputed that Trump had raised the subject of wind farms with suggesting that participants in the conversation this took when pressed with the fact that one of the had described the conversation in she declined repeated requests to comment. vice president for marketing at the Trump also declined through a spokeswoman to comment. office did not respond to requests for comment. did sent out a Twitter post after the was a great to spend time with He was relaxed and full of good ideas. confident he will be a good Trump and his blending of business and political interests and appearances have received increasing scrutiny during the transition. Since the he has met with business partners and his new hotel has become a destination for diplomats. His daughter an executive in the Trump sat in on a meeting with Prime Minister of and her jewelry company promoted a bracelet she wore during a appearance with her father on one of most influential television programs reported on that during a congratulations call from President of after the Trump asked for support for a project to build an office tower in A spokesman for denied the report on saying the two spoke only about official matters. issue was not part of the conversation between President and said the subject both leaders talked about was the institutional and they briefly mentioned the personal relationship they have had for The newspaper in an interview with published on quoted him as saying that he had also spoken with daughter during the call. In the also described his longstanding relationship with the Trump family. Trump representatives and a press representative from the Embassy both declined to comment on whether Trump participated in the call with Ethics experts in said they were disturbed at the report of apparent willingness to mix official duties as with his business saying actions like these threaten to compromise the integrity of the office of the president. thought he was going to separate his business matters from the process of said A. a partner at the international law who advises corporations and elected officials on ethics laws. want to confuse the public good with the personal gain that can be accrued from leveraging the office of the president to pursue his business Gross said. who served as the in the White appointed by the president to oversee rules related to conflicts of interest and lobbying said that these kinds of even if they are just demonstrate why Trump must completely separate himself from involvement in his business enterprises. said that it was extraordinary transgression of the core idea of public for Trump to speak with prominent and a member of the Parliament about his frustration with wind farms that harm views at the same time as he has been involved in a fight over this exact issue. actions are undermining public confidence in the office of the he am profoundly troubled by In Trump has a golf course on the west Trump which he bought in 2014 and which has hosted four and one on the east Trump International Golf that he built near a village in Both resorts have struggled financially. The course has been controversial since the government approved its development in turning aside environmental concerns about the destruction of coastal sand dunes. A local pressure group called Tripping Up Trump is among the opponents of the resort. fight against an offshore wind consisting of 11 off the coast ended last when highest court unanimously rejected his attempt to block it. Trump had vowed to halt development on the golf course project if the wind farm went forward. The skirmishing between officials and the Trump Organization became bitter. After the former first called Trump a referring to his losses in various levels of the court system while Trump called and totally according to the one of four regions of the United is led by the current first minister. has vast potential to generate the power we need from renewable in a way that helps the global fight against climate her office said in a have clear planning policies in place to ensure wind farms are developed in appropriate
When J. Trump emerged from the haze of his surprise victory in the presidential one of his first calls was apparently to an early a controversial radio host and conspiracy theorist with a large following. The the host of and the operator of the website says he fielded a phone call on from the thanking for his support. The call served as a reminder that who has been repeatedly denounced in the mainstream news will remain someone whose support Trump wants. was just thanking me for fighting so hard for and for and thanking my listeners and supporters and to let me know that he was working really hard around the said in a telephone interview this week. said he urged Trump to hold to his pledges to after the corruption in the and at least remove a lot of the Aides to Trump declined to respond to an email seeking comment on the phone call. As a Trump generated headlines when he appeared on radio show during the Republican primary contests for a nearly interview. thanked him at the informing the candidate that he would be for the appearance on what is considered a fringe despite its large audience. Among more suspect stances are his insistence that the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in was a hoax and that the government is creating chaos by manipulating weather systems. He has been loudly and roundly denounced by Democrats and some Republicans. He is also a vocal opponent of trade and two issues that dovetailed with positions during the primaries. think emerged as the single most powerful voice on the Roger J. Stone a longtime informal adviser to said of It was Stone who connected Trump with months ago. may laugh at his Stone is reaching millions of and they are the foot soldiers in the Trump said Trump had promised to come on his radio show in the next few weeks. And the radio host is positioning himself as someone who will hold Trump accountable to the most voices in his party. said he planned to hold the incoming president to his campaign promises. That includes appointing cabinet members who will pursue investigations of he said. If that does not people will be It will be an indication of a return to politics as he added. who railed against the establishment news media throughout the also warned Trump to keep listening to the voters who helped elect him. Among the interviews since his victory has been a traditional with the News program one of the most establishment venues in journalism. he starts acting like divorced from us and care about turn against said of followers. Trump needs to complete only a portion of his he said. he gets 20 percent people will be he said.
1. Trump filled some top national security posts last naming loyalists who reflect his views. His choice for attorney general is Senator who was blocked from becoming a federal judge in 1986 because of accusations of racially charged remarks. a retired lieutenant general who sees militancy as an existential will be national security adviser. Representative Mike of was nominated to be the director of the our latest coverage of transition to the White House. 2. something Something can be proud our urging Trump to follow a lofty vision for his pledged upgrade of the aging infrastructure. We even have a list of 10 balanced between red and blue where he could leave his mark while helping unify a bitterly divided 3. In the days after the our reporters and photographers fanned out across the country as a new political reality set in. They returned with a portrait of a country at odds with itself. also beginning a of conversations among classmates and friends who voted for different candidates. could never believe a said one young black man to a friend of heritage who supported Trump. believe sexist. Cannot. But part of me is Here are 19 questions to ask loved ones who voted differently. 4. President will return to the United States on after the last major foreign trip of his with stops in and On give the 2016 Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 including Tom Hanks and Bill and Gates. And on pardon a turkey for the last time as president. 5. Seventeen new cardinals received their at a ceremony officially joining the Roman Catholic College of Cardinals. Who Pope selects for the college is critical to his efforts to reshape the as the group will eventually elect successor. Three are among the new the most named from any one country. And while politics is never a determining factor in who is all three men have been outspoken opponents of Republican Party positions. 6. In where the Spring began six years the voices of torture victims and their loved ones are being heard. The public hearings are an effort to salve the wounds from nearly 60 years of dictatorship. Mothers demanded justice for sons who were shot to death during the protests that ushered in and former prisoners described being humiliated and even forced to engage in homosexual acts. 7. The skyline of New City has changed drastically over the past decade. gathered a number of notable new buildings that you may recognize 1 World Trade or may not a salt Think you know the recent additions pretty a quiz to test your knowledge. It includes the hyperbolic or above. 8. Scientists who drilled into what is considered ground zero of the dinosaur extinction found something that surprised granite. The drilling happened in the Gulf of where some 66 million years ago an asteroid crashed into Earth with the energy of 100 million atomic bombs. It left behind a scar known as the shown in an rendering above. Their finding suggests that powerful impacts can catapult materials buried deep in a crust much closer to its surface. 9. After Thanksgiving people across will head to big box stores and camp out in preparation for deals to kick off Black shopping. the holiday season. But whatever your shopping strategy there are some innovative ways to save a buck. Like triggering retailers to email you coupons by filling up a virtual shopping then fully logging out of the site. Here are some other and a guide to not overpaying on Black 10. a story about Thanksgiving. the story of a homesick college student who made a traditional dinner for the first time in an icy cold dorm. The guests were five other kids who get home. That was in 1981. wish I could remember if we had the sense to be grateful for the for the comfort of one for the luxury of our she wrote recently. We hope you have a happy holiday with much to be grateful for.
Trump antipathy to exists within the multiple bureau sources told the spurring a rapid series of leaks damaging to her campaign just days before the election. Current and former officials described a chaotic internal climate that resulted from outrage over director decision not to recommend an indictment over maintenance of a private email server on which classified information transited. is said one current is trailing performance in the 2012 according to early voting data that underlines fears of an for the Democratic candidate. Nearly a quarter of all expected ballots have already been cast after a surge in people wanting to express their preference before election whose husband has built a public profile partly around his vulgar and offensive Twitter called for a gentler and kinder on where children can spend time on social media without fear of a rare public Trump portrayed her husband as a devoted family man with love and for all with a speech intended to help soften his public image with women. knows how to shake things conservative lobbying organization is pressuring Republican senators to stonewall any supreme court nominees put forward by if she is elected a move that would break with 150 years of tradition for the senate to hold votes on any supreme court nominees. The Hill reports that Heritage a conservative policy advocacy urged at a morning briefing today for Republican senators to commit to leaving the supreme court without a ninth justice for as long as half a duels and Sanders in North as polls draw close Read more Citing an anonymous News reports that will join husband Jay Z at a concert in tomorrow in support of Democratic presidential nominee concert will be the penultimate event in a series under the title Love Trumps and is aimed at boosting voter engagement for youth. This is not the first time the campaign has recruited entertainment industry powerhouses. At the conclusion of the Democratic national convention in Lady Gaga and performed for Democratic delegates in a concert held in New Jersey. A conservative lobbying organization is pressuring Republican senators to stonewall any supreme court nominees put forward by if she is elected a move that would break with 150 years of tradition for the senate to hold votes on any supreme court Hill reports that Heritage a conservative policy advocacy urged at a morning briefing today for Republican senators to commit to leaving the supreme court without a ninth justice for as long as half a supreme court has been without a ninth justice since when conservative stalwart died unexpectedly. The senate has refused to consider President declaring that the next president should be given the opportunity to shape the highest seen John and others talk about the need to not confirm any liberal nominated to the Supreme said Heritage vice president of communications and government relations. exactly the right position to A moving note from years ago a new roommate moved into the attic bedroom. We were both single and trying to figure out our future. My parents called and asked what I thought of him. Long distance calls were so my answer was short and to the point. years later we are both fathers of three adult children and experienced in our chosen fields. My parents still call to ask questions about Voice plans now allow for unlimited but my brief answer has never the best person I have ever Closing out her address in North Democratic presidential nominee said that best way to repudiate the bigotry and the bluster and the hatred and discrimination is to show up with the biggest turnout in believe best days are still ahead of us if we do what supposed to concluded. social every economic has only come about because people going to work and sacrifice and keep pushing forward in the affect of easy to get the vote for it easy to have the final efforts made to ensure that the Civil Rights Act was it because there are powerful interests still trying to push us back and push us continued. is now our our turn to stand up to people like your governor and your legislature who wanted to shut you down and push you are fundamentally a good nation and we need to make sure we deliver on that urged the crowd. can make the difference not only in who you but in the agenda that those people then get to work. I want you to hold me I want you to be my done started by listening to people listening to hear your what worried about and then working to bring people together to solve those said. you elect me next that is the kind of president I will let me just mention a few of the ideas that been putting continued. been a lot more fun since been on the same said of Sanders in North after being introduced by the senator as the best hope for said earlier this when people who care about progressive causes stand we win and then we can get to work on making those causes into continued. am so excited about the about everything that going to do together and especially pleased to have time I see him which is not often of the is a passionate advocate for issues that are too often neglected and you really happy that here asked the in reference to hit Happy. we sure nowhere rather Watch it here Closing out his speech in North senator and Democratic presidential Sanders told an ecstatic crowd that electing is a crucial step in protecting the civil rights that his supporters can disagree on many issues but we have come too too many people have gone to too many people have died in the struggle for civil rights. We are not going back to a bigoted society. And Sanders continued. we understand is our our is our diversity. We should be proud of are not going to allow Trump or anyone to divide us senator Sanders lauded stance on the and drew contrasts differences with is one that is very Sanders said. believes in science. And I I know I put her in a difficult position. In to believe in science is a little bit but what the debate is over climate change is climate change is caused by human and climate change is causing devastating problems in this country and around the concluded that climate change is a hoax emanating from China. why he chose China and not or some I but the way it is not a funny issue. got seven Sanders continued. job as custodians of this planet is to make sure that we leave our children and grandchildren a planet that is healthy and habitable. And that means that we have to have the guts to take on the industry and tell them that their profits are not more important than the future of our Trump attempts to praise brave in other ways financially brave. Big deal. senator campaigning for in North hit hard on the subject of paid family one of most committed policy is why Secretary and I will fight o guarantee 12 weeks paid family and medical Sanders vowed.
On 12 May just after two women walked purposefully up the ramp of a footbridge over the river in the historic city of in First came the most powerful politician in the who was heading to the local headquarters of the conservative party A minibus was waiting to take her to an election campaign rally with Prime Minister After numerous corruption his party was tanking in the and he needed the support of one of his most successful At barely tall and 59 years was a bold and dresser. She was wearing a purple jacket with pink black jeans and fuchsia platform woman who walked up the gentle arc of the bridge a few behind was overdressed for a sunny afternoon in a designer baseball cap and leather gloves but seemed otherwise unremarkable to a retired police officer who passed them both. Perhaps that is when the first shot rang he thought it was a looked he could see sprawled on the ground. The other woman was leaning over a pistol in her gloved hand. She fired three more shots at head which bounced violently against the ground and then turned around. After putting the gun in a shoulder the woman pulled a scarf over her mouth and walked calmly past before heading towards the of this placid and charming provincial assassin quickly melted into the sluggish afternoon street life of crossing the narrow riverside park and turning into a street of apartment blocks with shops and bars at ground level. followed at a discreet phoning the police as he went. He lost her by the but then rounded the corner of the and saw a woman who although she was now wearing a white jacket he thought he as the waved down a passing police car. By the woman had got into the passenger seat of a 200 sports although there was no one in the seat. her. Be she has a he shouted. The police officers approached the car and asked the woman for her identity which revealed that she was Moments a younger woman approached explaining that she was said her mother had been with her the whole shocking murder of most flamboyant politician Read quick search of the car turned up no weapon. The home address on the back of the identity cards was the Plaza in the hilltop town of 30 miles away. That square is best known as home to the police headquarters. The women explained that the police station was their registered since was chief of police. was one of the most senior officers in province. Despite this strange and were immediately taken to main police station for questioning as murder was following the mysterious emergency services were dealing with something they had no experience of a assassination in the middle of the day in a public place. had been shot in the back as she slid to the grabbed hold of the twisting to see her attacker. Two more bullets had then been fired into her killing her who presided over the powerful provincial or from her office in a cloistered was known to everyone in The murder had been committed at one of the most dramatic sites in the city. was almost like a ceremonial recalled the former editor of the local edition of El newspaper. Emergency service radio recordings reveal one shocked blurting out a phrase that many would have the one who had 12 and 12 It was a reference to the number of official and posts had accumulated during her five years as president. With her multiple incomes and she had become a symbol of how politicians were milking public funds while other struggled to cope with the recession that had devastated the country since the 2008 financial crisis. In a country with here was a woman with 12 people in recall exactly what they were doing when they heard the news. a reporter at the was talking to a policeman after his car had been damaged by another vehicle. heard the name over his radio. I believe he told me. He rang his news who thought he must have got it wrong. Confirmation arrived with the first photographs. A sheet covered the but the fuchsia shoes were instantly the woman known as the Thatcher of was dead. Twitter Police stand next to the body of at the crime scene. everyone was dismayed by the assassination. was but not much sadness. You hear people said The list of her enemies was so some that the police would never find the killer. It had sometimes been said that the only way to unseat would be to murder her. Nobody had meant it but now it seemed that someone had taken it that the time of her and despite her repeated successes at elections in had become one of the most controversial and feared politicians in In her people had gossiped viciously about often looking over their shoulder to make sure they were not overheard. Some saw her as a sort of praying seducing and devouring her or as a despot who delighted in destroying her enemies. And as and the rest of slipped ever deeper into recession and angry pessimism after resentment towards her had could be vulgar. remember having to explain to her in a restaurant that you just pick your teeth with a top in said one friend who asked to remain anonymous. She was constantly in and out of cosmetic surgery clinics and was unabashed about it showing off the stitches and scars behind her ears while proclaiming that time comes when we all have to do When she became head of she refused to follow tradition by hanging her portrait in the cloisters. she became the first to hang her own had come a long way. She was a raised down the tracks from in a poor village called y She was part of a generation of who entered adulthood just as the country was leaving behind the Catholic dictatorship of General and embracing progress and optimism. who had previously needed their signature to open a bank account and could not legally get a divorce before were finally free to pursue their ambitions outside the home. Yet such opportunities were still largely restricted to those born into privilege. was from a humble but she was clever and pushy. She studied law and passed the ferociously competitive civil service to become one of youngest tax inspectors. As a young her energy and charisma were already as was her temper. even remember her being angry on her wedding a childhood friend recalled. She was clever and capable. It was like planting a bomb in a world full of brief marriage produced a when was before she left her husband and began a rapid rise through the PP. In at the age of she became the provincial delegate of the regional government of y had never seen a woman in a local told me. was clever and capable. It was like planting a bomb in a world full of returned to the tax office to run the team investigating large companies and wealthy individuals. When one family protested against the fines levied on them and insulted the fines were tripled. enjoyed and knew how to impose it on others. could walk into a meeting full of and five minutes later be completely in said her friend He saw her as a capable woman set on taming a city traditionally run by conservative men. was and liked to party leaders were and in returned to politics as the finance minister in the regional government of y Eight years she became a senator in in she was appointed head of a powerful position that gave her control over a budget of Twitter a free in 2013. J. press had taken to when she first appeared in though her open manner shocked some people. She refused to bow to expectations about how a woman should speak or behave. once heard her say loudly at a public got to bed with whoever I because a free recalled Everybody in recalls one photograph in when turned up to a 2003 campaign event wearing a choker that spelled out the word If they did not like seemed to be that was their problem. can suck my was one of the cruder phrases occasionally heard ringing around the palace when was which was frequently the she took office in first target was the and corrupt business community that dominated She waded into this world with reformist according to biggest enemy was the business community of To she had three defects. She was a she was clever and she forgive people who efforts to curtail corruption were only ever and constrained by her own love of power. deals involving local politicians and savings banks helped push into its dramatic recession in 2008. Even the has yet to return to levels. At local savings the board many of them with as handed out risky loans to fellow directors in including the president. When the loans were not the bank lost Had she like the rest of the now be under criminal than take people to built dossiers that gave her power over them. we broke a scandal in the I would go to see and she would open a drawer full of files and that all you have on You know half of said her friend was also a formal suspect in the irregular hiring of 40 clerks who were given jobs for life at the in shortly after she arrived. Many of those handed the jobs after getting such impossibly high marks in the exams that the local ombudsman concluded they must have seen the questions first had links to politicians. The only surprising thing about the story was just how blatant the cheating seemed to how work in cities like says a temporary clerk who sat the exams and sued after failing to win a place. remember the first time I worked there a people kept asking do you belong The implication was that she owed her job to one of the local claimed the scandal of the 40 which was eventually thrown out of court on a caught the newly appointed by surprise. She had regretted letting it go through and set about cleaning up the regional government. came to an he said. There were angry meetings at which demanded to know who had put whom on the list. As accumulated she made what calls inside her own party. She did not bargain or take prisoners. power brokers never forgave her style became as bullying and confrontational as that of her worst male predecessors and rivals. She would bawl and swear at her humiliate her staff in public and squash journalists or political rivals who dared challenge her. hated it if you got ahead of admitted she was rudest when she got lost on a But that happened and she respected anyone who stood up to her. Friends found her but admit she could come across as hard and cold. show affection or approval in a normal said to killing politician Read the villages where she felt most at and to which she allocated significant public funds for infrastructure projects people loved her. In the apart from among a group of faithful was increasingly feared and even by fellow members of her party. She did not build because she distrusted people and thought she could do better by herself. She governed with imperious expecting others to her grew more and more paranoid about her both inside and outside the PP. She took on posts that previous presidents had delegated to others hence her actually held on the boards of local institutions or presiding over consortia such as the airport and tourism board. Most had attendance pay or perks attached. Yet no one was ever able to pin corruption charges on For that is proof whatever her she was first and foremost a dedicated public servant. Others claim she was simply too clever to get caught. At the time of her she was being investigated for only one alleged infraction of claiming twice for mileage. By the standards of that is a minor her notoriety was concentrated within the province of murder was headline news across A solemn funeral was held at known as the of for its spectacular windows. Prime Minister and his socialist both of whom had lived in as were among the mourners. an architect and one of most intimate stood at the door awaiting the coffin. was one of the most honest and loyal people I have he told me. Her and boyfriend of over a were days graffiti appeared on the concrete tiles of the almost in the exact spot that had been stained by blood. it read. animal died and her were unlikely murder suspects. father was a senior policeman. Her mother was a housewife who wore Boss and drove a sports car. Slight and looked younger than her years. Both women were also members of the PP and had become familiar faces at party rallies and the annual dinners at the monastery of which had been converted into classiest hotel. Perhaps most shocking of all was that had been one of Twitter in court in 2016. J and daughter had always been close. are one and the said a one the other one thinks. If says something then Friends joked that husband when she found one could expect to share his marriage bed with his life had long revolved around who attended a private school and acquired a degree of sophistication that her mother raised in a country village could never match. was a if schoolchild. always had top her told me when we met in the port city where grew seems to have played a relatively minor role in childhood either excluded by her tight bond with her mother as he told because he worked so hard. In he and moved to where he had been appointed police chief. He was delighted with the but disliked the town. Local people thought she had delusions of grandeur. never greeted people in the said a local PP had left home to study telecommunications engineering at university in 200 miles and when she did an year at in southern her mother visited frequently. After moved to to the delight of her who would eventually move into pair shared a fascination with luxury that was mostly beyond their and could be seen together or trying perfumes and clothes. acquired expensive bags and though friends wondered where she got the money. One she and took a holiday at Villa a spa hotel in which had among are who want the finest things in said who went on holiday to with them while was a but found them more interested in their hotel and its little luxuries than the had come to in search of a job. economy was still booming and in 2007 she began working on telecommunications projects at the the where visitors are greeted by a mounted medieval knight in She had been given a contact by her friends in the which helped her secure the first of a series of temporary contracts. Fellow workers remember her as cheerful and if a little took over as president the following she soon became friend and protector. She called at all even requiring her to go to her apartment to help install cable in used her influence at the tax office to resolve problems with her imported ambitious young woman felt like and began to dream of two things. she wanted a job for life at the of the kind enjoyed by established civil servants. A recent poll by the Foundation showed that this is the career ambition for a quarter of students. and against her wanted a parallel career in politics. She was popular with senior PP officials since candidates for elections in must find patrons to put them on the lists presented by each future was looking bright. She was a PP candidate for in and that month decided to turn her job into a permanent position. This required the to set which are obligatory for any permanent public job. Anyone could but expected the preferential treatment given to and fell out. would later claim that this was the result of a scene allegedly played out on the sofa at apartment in 2010. came up close to smell my and then she kissed me on the mouth I was but she tried to touch me and put her arm around me to stop me moving testified later in court. managed to get away and say that I was friends vigorously deny this. had no sexual interest in said two women also argued at work later that according to some with warning that she could either be an ally or an enemy. When exams for the new job were finally sent an urgent text message to to bother but the exam is tomorrow and I need your help to it read. In other she was asking for the exam questions but there was no reply. a second candidate appeared from out of town and was supposedly seen wandering off with the examiner. filmed them with her but did not formally challenge the appointment when the job was handed to her rival. Like many other was convinced that had brought in another candidate with the intention of denying her daughter the job. It was early had fallen into a catastrophic recession three years earlier and unemployment was now was out of and out of work. Twitter during the trial. J then pursued her daughter with blind later blocking her attempt to take up a council seat in after another demanding the return of allegedly overpaid to by the and getting the tax office to send claims She was convinced also prevented her daughter finding work elsewhere in the became clinically and lost weight. Her father advised her to leave and take her skills elsewhere. she wanted to be near her he told me. was her So moved in with her daughter. Her who stayed behind in did not complain. He insists that his wife and daughter barely spoke to him about was something between the two of he year before the approached at a party and called her a daughter of a are you doing to my she demanded. The normally had also lost her temper when told by local that she could not stand as a PP candidate again. She and her she would make sure the PP lost the next local election. complained that was turning out to be and though the mother is By this had decided had to die. was my or she said later. weeds must be torn were under intense pressure to solve one of most shocking recent murders quickly and efficiently. The victim was a senior politician from the ruling party and television news shows enjoying a respite from corruption scandals and unemployment were speculating wildly. The alleged were part of the wider police family and needed careful treatment. was not used to being at the of national events. It had a force of experienced investigators headed by the capable new but two veteran detectives were also sent from the bigger city of It was they who interviewed and the following footbridge and the spot where had been arrested were only 500 yet trawling through rubbish bins and dredging the river bed produced nothing. All they had was eyewitness report in the boot of the they had found a Boss parka that resembled the one seen on the soon built up against A search of the apartment revealed that she owned a small pistol not the one used in the crime and an array of including bullets. She also had of a kilo of marijuana. A photograph found on a laptop showed a smiling and her daughter beside a towering cannabis plant. This was one of several that grew beside the chicken run in her own village backyard. The police it turned was an enthusiastic consumer and cultivator of cannabis. The murder had been committed at one of the most dramatic spots in the city. It was like a ceremonial did not take long for to confess. She must have in any that forensic tests would prove that she had recently fired a weapon. She had acted alone and out of she claimed. She would explain everything if they promised to release her claimed that she had heard many tales from her husband about the underworld and that she knew where to get hold of a pistol in that city. She had bought one from a drug trafficker and rapist had since been murdered. She had been trying to kill for more than a frequently waiting outside her apartment building with a pistol in her but had stopped after a became suspicious and confronted her. On the day of the she had walked past the building again she got lucky. on her own. They knew the rest. And she was not murder weapon was finally discovered late on the day after the crime. A municipal police rang a colleague to say she had seen a suspicious bag hidden among the mess on the back seat of her own car. It must have been placed she by Inside the police found a pistol with its identity numbers filed apart from best friend. She had stopped by their flat for coffee after lunch on the day of the murder. The policewoman had seen her friend again some 10 minutes after the when walked past her as she chatted to a traffic warden beside her parked Golf. had asked if she could leave something in the car while she went to buy but never came began to suspect that had had an accomplice as she plotted what was meant to be a perfect her own daughter. now had to explain how she got hold of the weapon and disposed of it so told investigators that she thought she had quashed her fantasy of killing long before. On the day of the murder her mother had called saying she had sighted and planned to shoot her. had told her to stop and then ran towards the bridge. She arrived in time to see her mother walking back into town and throwing a bag down the garage ramp of an apartment block. They did not but that the bag might contain a and so retrieved it. She had then bumped into put it in her car and gone on to find her mother being was when she called her father an outwardly conservative man with a trademark inscrutability told me later. was like being immersed in cold water and then having an electric charge shot through Lying to protect your own family even in a court of law is not a crime in claimed believing her mother had used her she had lied in order to protect both her were not convinced. They had found a search for pistols on laptop and notebook jottings on guns that were for sale in her handwriting. Even story did not add up. Why had it taken her 30 hours to report that the murder suspect had placed something in her The case was strange enough but when the police officer was formally accused of it become even more bizarre. Twitter funeral in the cathedral in May 2014. claimed the police had promised if she her daughter could walk free. But that did not happen. By the time mother and daughter went to trial for murder in central court in 2016 with snow on the hills and a penetrating chill on the streets both women had spent 20 months on remand in jail. facing the same had been the jury had to decide on the guilt or innocence of the three women now claiming temporary But the own guilt was also being with public opinion as the jury. itself had already turned its back on Few people attended the events commemorating the first anniversary of her death. The local now run by what called her tried to pretend that she never existed. her life she provoked terror and explained a local journalist who interviewed and in jail. now she still provokes mother and daughter appeared convinced that would be found not guilty. They were wrong. The judge gave and sentences of 22 and 20 but when visited them in prison a few months later they had not lost their capacity for fantasy. They were sure that would be released on and even asked the journalist to wait to take photographs until then. am an scoffed. kind of a genius plans a murder in the middle of at five in the Yet that appeal failed like was deemed an accomplice and handed a they now await a final supreme court decision. who is also remains unrepentant. just want to get out so I can tell everyone the truth about she told first Twitter arrest was that of a student in who greeted death with the the Kill them The applause that greeted the murder in certain quarters owed much to the mindset of who were fed up with politicians lining their pockets while they themselves scrabbled for had homes repossessed or coped with dramatic falls in according to tyrannical reputation and the corruption had helped make her a target. of society saw it as an almost necessary she said. is a shared people in complained privately about few had dared to confront her. Perhaps they feared without a pistol in their they were always bound to lose. who sued over the fixed exam sees a cowed society that has accepted as inevitable. but nobody does she said. just say that this is the way things work. In all they want is to find a way to get their own offspring a civil service architect says that the poisoned atmosphere in reflected what he calls society where a weak welfare state provides no real safety net. your family looks after he said. That makes even virtuous. In this it primed a mother to woman who pulled the acted out of revenge for her hurt pride and frustrated grandeur not from moral or political indignation. After her desire to land a job for funded by through rigged exams was a further example of corruption. An assassin who drives a and wears Boss does not represent the jobless rage of new poor. If she represents a society where the corrupt distribution of public wealth is so widespread that some feel they have a right to demand their share in this if they do not get a right to kill for Follow the Long Read on Twitter at or sign up to the Long Read weekly email Producing journalism like the Long Read is difficult and expensive but supporting us If you value the independent please help to fund it by becoming a long 
Tom on were you hoping nice food and good chat. And Friendly and relaxed. She put me at ease very did you talk Which supermarket makes the best boozing at the importance of awkward I think my hello and goodbye were both quite bad. in the panic of the hello I forgot table we shared food on all three thing about sense of and you introduce her to your I think they would get in three words do you think she made of Probably a bit hopefully a good companion for you go on The number 52 bus live just down the road from one did you On the you could change one thing about the what would it I have accidentally shaved a patch out of my beard that out of you meet like to. We have swapped on were you hoping good chat and a tasty and did you talk where we both went. awkward expect a kiss on each cheek a table He offered to have a silent first course as I was so thing about and made me you introduce him to your I think be able to take their slight Tom in three told me she usually went for younger men and into Read do you think he made of overly talkative and obsessed with you go on does that did you peck on the cheek and a you could change one thing about the evening what would it have had less paint on my hands been at a event that out of you meet Tom and ate at The Ivy a blind Email For a free go to 
The star of a recent meeting of the Watch Club was the Oyster Perpetual in steel. About 30 other watches lay on a table to be enjoyed and envied by the nine members meeting at the that night. after the had been one of the hottest watches of the year since its debut at It was a watch no one seemed to be able to get. Yet there it a new acquisition by and his father own a diamond trading firm in that supplies the Swiss watch and jewelry industries. His connection with a local dealer had secured the which retails in for 11,400 or Not every member of the club was so lucky. called in New to try to get but the waiting list was way too long to even said Tom an dealer in vintage watches who lives outside an entrepreneur who works with right now in and just had to strap on the watch. He had brought to the meeting a previous iteration of the the 6263 famous from the he said as well as an Royal Oak Offshore. everyone pulled out phones and began taking something you might expect when a bunch of predominantly gather. who works in sales and marketing for his antiques company and studies watchmaking at night at just had to photograph the new Nick an information technology auditor for and the communications and marketing took a photo of both strapped to wrist. did the and the two members compared pictures to see which was crisper. Other members looked offering opinions. And everyone had an for the members gathered at the Crystal Lounge were all passionate about one watches. started this group because I knew no one in with an interest in said Van an event organizer and the president. would have to go to twice a year to meet other watch He went on the watch sent out some emails and got responses from three people. That was in late the club has 17 members who meet sometimes for dinner and sometimes just for drinks at various spots around the city. Open houses are held twice a year where as many as 50 prospective members are invited to attend. are a private you get asked to Van said. got these watches on the you want to know who you Friendliness is considered a key and one potential member was ruled out because he talked about was the monetary value. not a passion for Van said. Most of the members have from four to 10 watches although some have quite a few more. Occasionally members travel They rent a house to attend drawing 10 members this they went to a watch event in Van they were greeted with from the Watch not as if theirs is the only of course. are plenty of other watch clubs or listing Oyster Passion Club in and the Watch Club among his examples. he are a lot of people who randomly meet up but do not belong to a Each of the club members has his own passion. brought only Omegas referring to the Constellation Dynamic and Chronograph spread out before him. only buy vintage. completely affordable. And some of them have the same as more expensive models he noted. Robin Van who also is studying watchmaking in always bring a On this particular night he had brought a Explorer as well as a are quite famous for their noted who works in real estate in Van is brought one in gold. a student at is another fan of Omega and brought a that he noted was the same model as the one astronauts wore on moon missions. found it on the and I just had to have he said. never sell even to asked and the men chuckled. also brought two Submariners he noted and the by van a Dutch brand specializing in astronomic he explained. like that it is also brought an unusual brand in addition to a and a Master a 1630 Air Force. like the history of that it was on flying a plane over he said. the watch leaned over to take an admiring look. taste goes to old vintage he turning the Air Force model in his hand. Talk turned to the state of the watch industry. business in China asked whose operation is based in Hong are still a lot of mainland replied. In the he is wearing a gold with lots of diamonds. But the dealers sell them to you. They only sell them to their clients. They say for Everyone laughed knowingly. recounted how the same thing had happened to him in at the sell to you. They want you to go to your can learn a lot in this said. members are so knowledgeable and have incredible experience. They know what to look and they share their As the evening continued over pints of the photos ended up on various social media with posting directly to the page. our various got 100,000 pointed out. That following has attracted the attention of watch which regularly invite club members to private dinners and other events. all had a chance to sit down with Max referring to the gregarious founder of the Swiss brand Some companies even are offering to sponsor which is being although some members worry that commercialization might lead to a loss of control. it can be expensive to run the especially the open Van said. other watch clubs can do it and maintain their so can countered. As the evening wore on the talk turned to other like sports and jobs and the things any group of good friends would talk about over beers. By 10 the watches were cleared off the jackets were back and pats on the back shared as each his thousands of worth of watches back in cases and tucked under slipped out the imposing hotel doors onto Avenue la and headed into the dark night.
Is there any clash of ideas as as the one over our For every steeple and there are wastebaskets full of dashed architectural ambitions. These unbuilt projects often tell us as much about our history and values as the built says with of Built New Take I. M. a sleek hourglass office tower and transit hub proposed in the which would have entailed the demolition of Grand Central Terminal. Even as the rest of took to the road in and struggling railroads were liquidating our city preserved the building in Midtown. about but glad it pan Or imagine floating in a translucent bubble to Governors Island on a gondola designed by Sounds but in 2006 The architecture critic argued that the plan ran up against one of New hottest a spectacular view. And then there was Trump City. J. plan for a on the West Side would have included office 7,600 a huge shopping mall and the tallest building. But its magnitude aroused staunch opposition in the sparking what Trump described as war to the Trump City was eventually downgraded to what is now known as Trump Place earlier this the owner of three buildings removed the name from their adventurous architecture does get built here. Test your knowledge of New new skyline with this Can you identify some of our most iconic modern structures by their what else is on the which day is the fairest of them Today. Sunshine. Blue skies. Enough said. have another divine day on but beginning that night and lasting the rest of the weekend things are looking and wet. How W. a leading contender to become secretary of made millions as The bombing Khan pleaded not guilty to federal charges. Mayor Bill increased New budget by billion. Two men were charged with murdering a in and burying his body on the Jersey Shore. As New sees a spike in reporting of hate crimes following the advertisements have appeared on Long Island. ... And a swastika is spotted on the subway. T. the New State attorney has asked the police department to increase vigilance in fighting hate crime. Gov. M. has set up a If you see say something by calling 392-3644. A whale was spotted near the Statue of Liberty. A woman was sentenced to five years in prison for robbing a legally blind woman. Metropolitan Memorable Night at Ducks exorcise 3-2. Wizards cast spell on 119-112. For a global look at see Your Briefing. Mayor speaks at Only Way is A Citywide Discussion to Boost Voter Turnout in New at New Law School in ... And discuss congestion and traffic around Trump Tower at a press conference at 1 Police Plaza in Downtown The Independent Film Festival continues at the cinema at the Hotel in Times vary. start at The exhibition Unpacking which highlights 60 canonical works of opens at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. 10 suggested A of with and demonstrations of visual at Place in the East Village. Stargazing and a to Stage the Moon at University in Heights. 7 Comedians riff off a screening of the film 9 From Outer at in Queens. 11 Islanders host 7 Rangers at Blue 7 Nets at 8 The Film Festival is showing films starring horses at Village East Cinema in the East Village. Times vary. passes begin at hours of storytelling and a silent in celebration of the new exhibition at Its at the Museum of the City of New 10 Join a race bring a nonperishable item for those in at Park on Island. 10 Bar Car an evening of performances and is at the New Botanical Garden in the 7 to 10 You can also stay up late at Night at the an evening of dancing and art at in Long Island Queens. 8 to midnight. Devils at 4 Watch New Times Close featuring The and other guests. at 10 and at 10 on The easily understood film In with continues at the Institute Alliance on the Upper East Side. Times vary. start at A celebration of the city planner H. sometimes referred to the best as the at the H. Green Memorial Bench in Central Park near East 105th Street. Noon. A reading and Activism with artists and at the Queens Museum at Flushing Park. 2 donations Tony sings selections from in and other songs at the Center for the Performing Arts at College in 3 start at A photo editor at Rolling Stone leads a discussion about photographing New underground music scene at the House on Island. 5 host Noon. Giants host 1 Nets host Trail Rangers host 7 For more see The New Arts Entertainment guide. Subway and PATH Check traffic map or radio report on the or the In effect until 24. Island New East River Ferry La Weekend travel Check subway disruptions and a list of street closings. Thanksgiving is fast approaching. To get you in the New Today wants to know how you would finish this sentence just a few This year I am thankful for Please tell us what you think in the comments or send us an email at including your full and the neighborhood where you live. We plan to publish a selection of comments next week.
For the past while the attention of the world has been fixed on every dramatic twist in the US presidential the renewal of armed conflict between and has barely touched the headlines. In the past few the two nuclear states between killed two dozen civilians and injured scores of others in exchanges of artillery fire across the disputed border known as the of that divides into parts controlled by and latest in the war of attrition between the two countries comes on the heels of a bloody summer of protest and repression in that has now been erased from memory by the banging of war drums in and Since when the killing of a young militant leader sparked a furious civilian uprising across the the state has responded with singular killing more than 90 people. Most shocking of all has been the breaking up of demonstrations with pellet which has blinded hundreds of four 17,000 adults and children have been nearly five thousand have been and an entire population spent the summer under the longest curfew in the history of curfews in this has been quickly forgotten in the past two months. On 18 a small group of widely believed to have come from staged a commando raid on an army camp near the northern town of killing 19 soldiers the deadliest attack on security forces in in two decades. politicians quickly blamed which the home minister described as a while leaders made the implausible claim that had staged the attack itself to distract from the protests in prime who came into office promising to take a harder line with announced that behind this despicable attack will not go At the end of retaliated with what it called a against alleged militant camps in according to an army significant damage to denied the attack ever took place claiming that there had been nothing more than the usual exchange of fire across the border. an ugly war of words continued to escalate in news some of which were refurbished as war the relationship between the two which is at the best of times by varying degrees of hate depending upon the political temperature in has soured to the point where both are now suddenly finding spies in each diplomatic missions. A nearly every on on social in ambassadorial corps even in the realm of where has effectively banned actors from working in and has banned the screening of films in cinemas. According to recent civilians caught in the crossfire have been hundreds of schools and local residents pressed into service to ferry supplies to troops stationed high in the As the victims of the artillery duels have been the civilians living on either side of a border that did not exist until the middle of the 20th the war of words that has followed the bloodshed in the brutal oppression of protest in has been largely ignored. the aided by a news has used the attack and its aftermath to cover up a surge of and blindings in one of the conflicts in the world. This is the story of the bloody summer that have endured and of why they will not forget 8 a militant rebel was shot dead by armed forces and police in a remote village. The killing sparked a series of spontaneous demonstrations and in a matter of turned into a reinvigorated popular revolt against dominion over this disputed path to militancy began in another one of bloody summers back in when security forces killed 120 protesters. who was then 15 years is said to have joined a small group of homegrown militants after he and his brother were humiliated and abused by soldiers. Over the next few he became most famous militant and acquired something of a cult following among young who saw him as a symbol of resistance against occupation. was a new breed of unlike the first generation of separatist fighters in the early he did not cross over into he use a and he amassed a huge following on social where he issued brazen challenges to the state. It was therefore no surprise that thousands attended funeral in his hometown of or that those who could not get there their own funeral services across the took to the police and paramilitaries were deployed in large numbers across the region. Thousands of young protesters charged at the armed forces with stones and slogans demanding freedom. forces responded with lethal firing CS and metal pellets into the crowds. In less than four nearly 50 people were killed and thousands injured. More people took to the streets to protest against these and the forces and police killed and injured more of them. A cycle of protests connected to the funerals of those protesters in fired resulting in yet more killings and blindings. By the end of was faced with a popular revolt in Twitter An policeman aims a pellet gun towards protesters in in via most recent figures put the number of dead at including a young academic who was battered to death by and an whose riddled with hundreds of was found on the outskirts of the joint capital of in more than 500 most of them were shot in the face with the that the forces routinely use to suppress protests. These weapons discharge hundreds of small metal or capable of piercing the the uprising the armed by their own fired nearly 4,000 cartridges at crowds protesting against police and even onlookers. This means that they by one recent metal balls hurtling towards public gatherings predominantly made up of young unarmed as young as four and five now have multiple pellets in their blinding them or for life. At the start of doctors at main hospital reported that on one person had their eyes ruptured by pellets every other hour since 9 means 12 eye surgeries per one doctor told a local newspaper. is 12 the fourth day of the the state which is run by a controversial coalition between nationalist Party and a local the Democratic Party finally issued its first official statement on the use of the pellet guns. A spokesperson for the representing the described its position to the disapprove of it But we will have to persist with this necessary evil till we find a There is no recorded instance of a modern democracy systematically and willfully shooting at people to blind the statement appeared as a typical the sort of thing that officials must compose and recite with studied ambiguity for the press the as its known. But I was struck by its cavalier of state violence and It was obvious that this was not the personal it was a clear articulation of the intent of the state in was an unprecedented expression of state violence. There is no other recorded instance of a modern democracy systematically and shooting at people to blind them. At the end of according to data obtained by one of national nearly 6,000 civilians had been and at least 972 of them had suffered injuries to their to official records at the main hospital in 570 people sought treatment after their eyeballs were ruptured by metal pellets. Ophthalmologists at the hospital performed more surgeries in three days from 10 to 12 than they had in the past three years. Many of the wounded were but not all. Not one of them deserved to be robbed of their 14 as prepared to celebrate its Independence was under a near total blackout. I briefly lost touch with my as the state cut off all telephones and the I was once of the lines of the late poet which still echo 20 years after he wrote city from where no news can come is now so visible in its night that the worst is Just before the I had talked to my youngest sister over she was a little girl in the when witnessed the first rebellion against rule. never imagined my child would see everything that I saw as a she told against rule over is neither new nor surprising and the brutality of the response is equally familiar. In the came down hard on a widespread uprising in the valley and imprisoning thousands. Some estimates put the number of people killed since 1989 at 70,000. Some 8,000 are thought to have been and 6,000 are believed to have been buried in mass graves. Human rights reports have identified thousands of cases of including shocking techniques such as striping flesh with razor blades and piping petrol into According to a 2012 report in the government documents revealed that one group of security agents had off the limbs of suspects and fed prisoners with their own In southern four aged between 13 and were shot in their faces as recently as last very little has changed in the response to the demand for from the people of In a matter of four to five weeks this with a clear mandate to be wounded over 10,000 people. One of the youngest old was admitted to a hospital in with lacerations to her abdomen and legs. was in the family kitchen when a swarm of pellets pierced her face. She has lost vision in both eyes. In southern four aged between 13 and were shot in their faces last week. The prognosis for the youngest of not a doctor said. It is doubtful that these little girls posed a threat to the military force estimated at 700,000 soldiers and police stationed in the showers of metal pellets were unleashed upon bystanders and homebound hospitals in began to resemble scenes from the great wars of the 20th century. Rows of beds with blindfolded boys and girls on parents waiting doctors and paramedics in attendance around the clock. On police and spies also infiltrated the wards to compile profiles of the in order to place them under surveillance after their release. The wounded were brought in by the like birds in the hunting of this was even to longtime observers of violence in One of the largest military forces on the planet could not be waging a war against seeing. Perhaps a few a tactic gone woefully wrong one hoped but the numbers kept piling eye after mutilated eye popping up on the screens of phones and as journalists began to publish their none of the powerful men who run from expressed qualms about the blinding of it became clear that in its hubris the state had decided that snatching vision from a few hundred young people was a fair price to pay for keeping in check. Perhaps itself blinded by a strain of arrogance peculiar to occupying it continued to pummel a subject population into phrase used in mystic poetry to denote the passion of the translates as the of the In the slaughterhouse of the even the grievously injured with eyes or broken limbs have remained defiant. have even got some patients whose guts are perforated and they are asking when they can go back and join the one doctor decades of rebellion in have hardened the indifference of political and intellectual classes to the human cost of the repressive tactics in the valley. Amid rising nationalist any sense of the basic rights of a suffering population has been eroded or vanished entirely. The hostility now appears to be and for those on the receiving unbearable. Powerful studios urge the state to be more aggressively while actively suppressing or distorting news from One prominent newspaper ran an poll about the continued use of the pellets that had wounded and blinded so many a clear majority voted in support. Eminent columnists speak calmly of the need for toward civilian protesters to the ruthless response. And the Twitter account for a government Digital posted a poem calling for the army to murder until they images from began to circulate on the despite frequent attempts to block including at least one midnight raid on the offices of a local and a blanket ban on one the Reader pictures of the wounded emerged by the many of them looking as though they had ruptured fruits where their eyes should have been. On the second day of the more than 50 people were admitted to the main hospital in Medics and parents were desperate to save vision in at least one eye for those who had been attempting to extract the jagged and irregular pellets. only happens in a a surgeon sent from later said. Twitter A protester who was shot by security forces in in 2016. protocol for the use of these crowd control weapons is to aim at the legs to disperse demonstrators. But it seems that the paramilitaries and the police have been deliberately firing into faces. Some may only have minor some will suffer limited loss of some will lose one some and some will be impaired for but the pitiless assault on protesting adolescents forces us to ask one is the state happy to blind a is inconceivable that policy mandarins in or their advisers in could be unaware of the destructive power of Earlier this the International Network of Civil Liberties and Physicians for Human Rights published a report titled in it an indiscriminate spray of ammunition that spreads widely and cannot be aimed not only likely to be lethal at close but are likely to be inaccurate and indiscriminate at longer even those recommended by manufacturers for countries have banned police from using ammunition meant for hunting animals. The spray of pellets was designed to catch prey in flight. But many countries have continued to use them as a means of force to control civilian security forces often deploy lethal and ammunition against and weapons have blinded at least five young in the last two years. The use of rubber bullets by police was banned in the region of in after at least seven people were blinded by them on the streets of months after the uprising in Square that toppled an a young police became infamous for firing pellets into the eyes of protesters against military government. His exemplary skill at blinding civilians earned him the nickname the and his notoriety as a symbol of ongoing state brutality eventually led to a jail prosecute its own eye Or outlaw the use of these the present every kind of other is a suspicious a scapegoat for any failure that befalls the politicians determined to make great the secessionist the impure the traitorous the woman who speaks her the the dissenting writer. Any voices who might call for a ban on these guns are certain to be ignored. To the ministers and and their demagogues and have continued to advocate the use of both pellets and bullets against protesting crowds in unruly cattle must be reined in at any have become accustomed to the violence inflicted on them as they are to the indifference of the world when pellets were first sprayed at protesters in the heated summer of most people processed this as nothing more than a new just another element of the war in If one were to draw a diagram of the assaults inflicted on bodies over the hardly a single part would remain in the when the violence was at its the eyes were now they seem to have become a target. The victims of such consciously and cultivate reserves of tolerance for but also a capacity to too. I grew up amid the darkness of the late and early I remember that most of us teenagers innately understood that being or beaten with batons and rifle butts by an trooper was a bit of a joke when compared to the horrors that others endured in the dungeons of of the most notorious torture Papa II a building on the banks of Lake in was refurbished and and served as the stately residence of the late politician Mufti His as the current chief now presides over the of another generation of remember that the war in those years taught us to treat corpses and shrouds as reminders of passing which was measured for the young in massacres and assassinations. I the tragic rupture in the body politic when an atmosphere of fear and loathing forced out the a minority that had cohabited with for centuries in an almost overnight many of them targeted and killed by separatist militants. who runs an for the welfare of the past 20 we estimate that 650 were killed in the I know what happened to and my childhood mates from the primary school we all attended near an idyllic river bend in in south I experienced a bleak as response to the uprising included the grotesque policy of and under which combatants and alike were dispatched in summary executions or tortured to death. And I remember such a vengeful assault on ordinary people as we are seeing now. Buoyed by a belligerent nationalist at the helm in the security forces on the ground perhaps feel emboldened to unleash a more widespread an affecting photo essay by journalist in the New Times documented a few of the stories of those who had been blinded by pellets. It remains a grim testament to the darkness in even though the blindings at that amid hundreds did not attract too much notice. At the hardly any civil society group or human rights thought fit to speak up about such a wicked crime. The wanton of the a project that some media in take particular pleasure was perhaps fully even then. It certainly is when fed on a daily diet of nationalist take to social media to celebrate the and blinding of young the government in a collection of local elites comprising career and loyal to considers pellet guns a might make us feel grateful. At least they acknowledge the part perhaps to address their own guilty few days into this the a local reported that the local government had deployed a fleet of brand new ambulances to securely ferry visiting to picnic spots in the valley. This was while protesters were being maimed and blinded and while the ambulances carrying them to hospitals were coming under fire from security forces. Twitter Victims of police shooting who have been blinded in one or both eyes in hospital in ophthalmologist at the main hospital in told the Express in the first time the foreign bodies are irregular which causes more damage once it strikes the sharp I had assumed that the pellets fired at protesters like rubber or plastic were round things. It turns out that there exist different kinds of and in some forces are using the jagged variety which inflict greater damage to flesh and eyes and which doctors say is far more difficult to did get How is it all right for a constitutionally democratic and modern nation to blind scores of civilians in a region it Not an authoritarian not a crackpot not a rogue nation or warlord outside of legal and ethical commitments to international but a democratic a member of the comity of nations. How are thinkers and its thundering televised custodians of public and private all untroubled by the sight of a child whose heart has been penetrated by metal This is the kind of cruelty we expect from not the largest such an inhuman response to an uprising to mass dissent has been the province of empires and tyrants. A modern democratic nation rarely unleashes such except upon victims whom it does not regard as its own people. It is quite clear that for and its have been subjects and not citizens for as long as have refused rule. You do not shower projectiles that target eyes and viscera on a people you consider your own. In snatching away the vision of the state has decisively announced that it has only one a hubris derived from its might and military dominion over the state convinces itself that it has the power to inflict blindness. In no it blinds itself too to the character of democracy that is its central founding principle. The harsh repression of the economist Sen declared in is biggest blot on is hard not to see this mood of brutality at the very least in its to the larger register of extreme by both state and that has come to be over the last couple of has been some dissent in even some have written elegiac columns and essays on the savage response to the rebellion in They have implored their government to cease the to be and to talk to But it appears that the clouded by a newfound chauvinism and a hunger for is in no mood to listen to the voices of sanity. In only a few days after forces in murdered a watchman by firing 300 pellets into his body from close the prime minister used a speech on to taunt over its own atrocities against separatists in the province of where the army has inflicted forced disappearances and summary executions on the people. forgets that it bombs its own citizens using fighter he said. But chose to forget that his own forces by killed scores of young need to interrogate the circumstances that have led to the deliberate blinding of hundreds of young people at the hands of armed forces in before this too is forgotten. As some of the wounded have begun to some accounts have suggested that the damage may have been less severe than initially feared that perhaps many of those who underwent eye surgery will regain in at least one eye. This might make one feel better relieved that its not worse but there is something wrong with that kind of moral akin to the security officials who continue to maintain that pellet guns must be used because the alternative would be worse. One security official told an news website that pellet guns had actually is unfortunate that there have been eye injuries but the pellets are less lethal than getting hit by we might what if the armed forces stationed in had fired live bullets But this in the security forces have already killed nearly 100 civilians. Is that an acceptable a year or as and continue to harp on their there will arrive a season of surface calm a to in People will marry off their and celebrate an They will also welcome tourists in their blighted when this new generation of grows up into they will carry our consciences for us. They will remember more than they have seen. They will certainly remember the country that did this to Follow the Long Read on Twitter at or sign up to the long read weekly email long 
1975 interview with has long been held up as a prime example of sexism. During he calls her a serious He obsesses about her He asks question after question about her nude scenes. more than 40 years he refuses to for it. The interview was a product of its he told the Daily Mail this I a Which brings us to Are You A or Are You A woman in a top walks past you in the street. Do you give us a at even though you can tell she feels uncomfortable. because you are the largest county in the and landmasses do not respond to the presence of disparagingly or otherwise. You have two a man and a woman who outranks him in job title and salary. You want a cup of tea. Who do you The obviously. Neither. As an unthinking swathe of ancient geological you do not meaningfully benefit from cups of tea. How would you describe a nasty woman. You cannot describe because you are literally just some land. Why is this woman so angry at I is it that time of the Because the River Don has flooded on a regular basis for at least the last 500 years. A woman in her has applied for a job with you. What do you Turn her because probably only get pregnant and want to go on maternity leave. Ignore because you are a 12,000 sq km chunk of rock and therefore have no real working understanding of capitalist profit motives. What is the first thing you say to your wife when you get home from my These are alien concepts to you. You are nothing more or and you will outlive everything. What should we do about the Maintain it at all costs. Revolve around the sun for millions of experiencing wave after wave of mass until nothing is left but dust and desolation. What is the biggest problem with They are too emotional. They are and will therefore inevitably disappear unremembered and in the blink of an while you continue to wordlessly endure the unending ravages of nature. What does mean to Telling it like it bloody well is. Nothing. You are an arbitrarily demarcated hundreds of millions of years once a part of the great of and these attempts to assign character to you are as foolish as they are appears on your Do you Fixate on her breasts. Erode at an imperceptible rate thanks to the unforgiving cruelty of the while waiting to be consumed totally by the powerful nature of the universe. tell her you quite liked her in The Queen. You your friends Share on Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on Share on Share on Share on Share on Messenger Close Submit 
Earlier Through his has said he does not have the experience to run a major federal yet there he cozying up to be the next secretary of housing and urban development. What a neurosurgeon knows about housing policy is not but is clearly in the running. you know our inner cities are in terrible and they definitely need some real he told Fox News on there have been so many promises made over the last several decades and nothing has done. The housing post was of the offers on the confirmed. Another name surfacing for a domestic cabinet former Representative Ford a moderate as possible transportation secretary. Why He is a frequent guest on and the has the ear. a Democrat who has been willing to ruffle feathers on exactly take herself out of the running to be education but she did push back at critics who do not approve of her visits to Trump Tower. as it turns care all that much about private email server. But there are consequences. When his senior announced that the incoming administration would not pursue the investigation of private email the response from the right was swift. blared the conservative website that promoted candidacy and gave him the mastermind of his K. The conservative provocateur was no more subtle. Judicial the conservative legal organization that has doggedly pursued and former President Bill also chimed Ms. said that it was now intention to move beyond the issues of the campaign and focus on the task of running the country instead. Trump can help her then perhaps a good Ms. said on the Of the attorney general is supposed to be but things may not work the usual way with President Trump. think when the also the head of your tells you before even inaugurated that he wish to pursue these it sends a very strong tone and to fellow Ms. said. W. the former New City mayor who is expected to serve somewhere in the new told the news media at Trump Tower that the was making a tough call. a tradition in politics that after you win an you sort of put things behind said. if the decision he perfectly consistent with sort of a historical pattern of things come you say a lot of even some bad things might and then you can sort of put it behind you in order to unite the nation. So if he made that I would be supportive of it. also be supportive of continuing the But Trump has lofty ambitions. a former Marine Corps is no fan of which could present problems if he becomes secretary of defense. Because the is a really big fan. As recently as Trump said in a video that he would scuttle President energy and environmental regulations put in place to fight climate change to unleash coal and hydraulic fracturing. Yet in his meeting with Times reporters and he seemed to soften on climate which he used to call a hoax. the interim chairwoman of the Democratic National took to Medium to make the case that Democrats need not but they do need to get back to work. On the one she On the with Republican gains in state the party is working off a structural disadvantage. She As a Trump proposed ramping up surveillance of mosques and a moratorium on compelling to a surge in registering to vote. a lot of them actually voted for Trump. According to an exit poll of 2,000 voters conducted by the Council on or 13 percent backed while 74 percent supported That is nearly twice as much support as Mitt the 2012 Republican received from voters four years ago. a spokesman for said strength with was somewhat but that about 15 percent of do identify themselves as Republicans and that did little direct outreach to were aspects of candidacy that either appealed to them or it was a vote against said. might not necessarily have been as much a vote of confidence for Trump as an expression of no confidence in The votes may have been since Trump won which has one of the largest populations in the country by barely more than 11,000 votes. Some of descent voted for believing he would support President of More there may have been a split in the rust where more generally favored Trump. of The Post continues his dogged pursuit of the Trump reporting that the charitable organization has apparently admitted that it violated the legal prohibition against That prohibition prohibits nonprofit leaders from using their money to help their or their families. The news came in a tax filing for 2015 that was posted on the nonprofit tracking service on less than two weeks after Election Day. Trump famously told the world and during a presidential debate that he would appoint a special prosecutor if elected with the express purpose of putting his political opponent in jail. There may be a practical reason the new president would pull back. The latest tally shows leading Trump in the popular vote by 1,754,204 votes. Pursuing her might not prove very popular. Her leadership is being challenged. The complaints about an aging slate of commanders are growing louder. So Representative of the House minority has issued a plan. In a letter to House Democrats on she promised to create No. 2 posts on each House committee to be filled by a Democrat with four terms or less in the House. When the post of assistant Democratic leader filled by Representative of South who is also is it will be filled via an election with a member who has served three terms or less. No. 2 House Representative of is Other offers were made along with a vow to fight any effort by the Republican leadership and Trump to privatize the Veterans Affairs hospitals and add private insurance vouchers to compete with
There are already winners in this race to the White House though their triumph mixes smiles with frowns. They are news both and which have grown headily on the strength of one magic that potent concoction called Trump. Because for means swelling audiences and swelling bank balances. See them Wait to look and start to a smiling boss of on the wonder of best year for cable news. His viewing figures are up Look at the age range that advertisers like best people between 25 and 54 and a rise. The gap on Fox News is he tells the to all cable news is enjoying record results as it wallows in the great watch the money roll in. is said to be forecasting a revenue boost this year to help titillate appetite as it moves to swallow Time Warner. Hail what works on also works whenever a laptop or mobile clicks on. One media planning expert tells the specialist ad industry site that an overall increase of only in readers and viewers could mean an extra for media publishers. is a sugar rush. making so much money with these rising audiences addicted to Trump be clear that all this loot and interest are a Trump phenomenon. The content management research team at by the New Times reports that about Trump have higher shares and likes on than those about A story about Trump garners more than eight times as many likes on than those about is of the frowning starts. Many blame the media whether supportive or antagonistic for the wave of publicity that has buoyed the barrage balloon of Trump. Some are bitterly angry that the first woman with a realistic chance of winning the White House has gained so little decry the and rituals of coverage which appear to mean that bad stories about have to be balanced by stories about the latest ruckus over emails have even registered on the Trump scale of A grisly riff on this theme is explored by distinguished academics in the certainty of an surprise increased as soon as began coasting to they say. urgency to maintain drama in an election that was increasingly looking like a blowout made all but inevitable By to be a story must be new. Pursuit of novel stories is thus a core media news value. A dramatic horse race in which the outcome is uncertain and continually fluctuating is perpetually on the email tale for all or more than worth then. Keep the audience one additional frown scowl that goes beyond any of these frailties. The even Fox make Trump eight times better fodder than The media build up any more these past few tumultuous it could tear him down. The mighty and can blast away at monster but curiously he perhaps matters. Trump plays big beast in a world. This Trump makes campaign ads seem soggy and dated. This Trump stirs up all the publicity for himself. He opens his mouth and goes viral in seconds. Do we get the leaders we Frown over one unpalatable we may all deserve television on press and 
After more than three years of digging into hiring practices in federal authorities have determined that the bank hired the children of leaders as part of a quid pro quo to win business in the booming clearing the way for a costly punishment. As soon as the authorities will announce a roughly million settlement with the bank and its Hong according to people briefed on the matter who spoke on the condition of anonymity. The which include criminal prosecutors and civil will accuse the bank of orchestrating a foreign bribery scheme. When The New Times reported on the contours of a settlement in it was not known whether the authorities would explicitly accuse the bank of carrying out a quid pro quo providing jobs in exchange for lucrative assignments from companies. This which strikes at the heart of whether violated United States law governing foreign became a focal point of the investigation and the ensuing settlement negotiations. The bank argued that the hiring of employees was routine in and that its own hires fell into a gray area of foreign bribery laws. The United States concluded that in several senior bankers explicitly linked those jobs or internships to securing deals with the people briefed on the matter said. the people formalized the hiring into what it called the Sons and Daughters program. The bank even went so far as to create spreadsheets that tracked its hires to specific clients and the ability to convert these hires into business deals. In reaching the is expected to accept the findings and conclusions of the investigators. A spokesman for declined to as did a spokesman for the Justice criminal division in and the United States office in The Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal which handled the civil regulatory aspects of the declined to comment. The which was smaller than once expected because showed a high degree of cooperation with followed a painful period for the bank. When the China hiring investigation first came to light in a article in The Times three years it added to a growing list of regulatory including the billion trading scandal and a billion settlement with the Justice Department over the sale of mortgage securities in the years before the 2008 financial crisis. The China settlement will now put to rest one of the last big regulatory headaches for the bank. Some of the senior bankers suspected of carrying out the hiring have since left Just as the agreement signals the final chapter in the pursuit of wrongdoing on Wall Street. That effort garnered settlements and splashy but no criminal prosecutions of top Wall Street executives after the financial crisis an absence that has drawn much criticism and public debate. The foreign bribery case against is no different. The United States office in and the Justice criminal division in are expected to impose a roughly million penalty on the bank but will not charge any of the bankers who doled out the jobs. The will assess the largest about million of the overall million while the Fed will impose a roughly million penalty. The bank also secured a moral victory by avoiding criminal the people briefed on the matter and instead negotiated a rare agreement. J. surprise victory in the presidential election last week could disrupt the public perception that banks are treated leniently. a media executive appointed as chief White House lamented in 2014 that one criminal charge has ever been brought to any bank associated with the 2008 crisis. presidency also could be a turning point in how banks and other corporations do business in China. On the campaign Trump called China a and threatened to impose tariffs on but as he has shifted his tone and promised that the two nations would have of the strongest No matter the relationship going the Justice Department is expected to continue enforcing the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act the 1977 law that underpins the case against and that might mean more cases against big banks operating in China. The case would represent one of the first major crackdowns on a big bank for violations of this but and other banks have also hinted that they face investigations into their hiring practices in China. Those investigations may but the case provides a template for prosecutors and regulators to bring these sorts of which once seemed lawyers urged prosecutors not to criminalize hiring practices that were common in the region. While hiring an child in exchange for a government contract is a clear violation of global companies routinely hire the sons and daughters of leading politicians. went even and hired the family members of potential clients while seeking their business. hired the children of officials running companies that were seeking banks to help them go public. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act essentially bars United States companies from giving of to a foreign official to win improper in retaining business. sought to prevent such violations. But as the Sons and Daughters program senior bankers explicitly tied those hires to securing deals with the people briefed on the matter said. In an email previously reported by The a executive in Hong linked one prominent hire to and potential business from a company. The executive also described the broader benefits of the hiring telling colleagues in another all know I have always been a big believer of the Sons and Daughters program it almost has a linear with winning assignments to advise companies.
Trump spent his last rally before the election focused on two and rap year with covering a curiosity that became a dark phenomenon Read Republican nominee trotted out familiar attacks on seemingly unbowed by director decision to clear her in the investigation of new emails unearthed from her private server on is the most corrupt person ever to seek the he told a cheering crowd in her the crowd chanted in letter to Congress a week and a half ago announcing that new emails had been found which may be pertinent in the investigation of the former secretary of use of a private email server had been a surprise boost for Trump. But the attempt to put the issue to bed on came as a demoralizing blow for the Republican idiosyncratic Trump called decision and said that as a result country is a laughing stock all over the system is rigged. The system is he added. Those wanting to put in prison had to vote for Trump said. up to people to deliver justice at the ballot box he told the Republican nominee also warned darkly that if wins people will lose big league. This is it. We will never have another not in four not in eight years. With supreme court with people pouring into our it will be has expressed irritation over the past few days that the rap and power couple Jay Z and appeared at a concert with in on and in he poured scorn not only on the two pop stars but on music itself. Twitter for someone who and Jay Z back as woman for were singing Or was it talking or I Trump Republican whose use of bad language dominated the media for weeks following the release of a tape from 2005 in which he boasted of grabbing women the renewed his criticism of the language is so bad ... it amazing that Jay Z and used that filthy language in the If I ever used the it would be reinstitution of the electric he has long used crowd size as the most important metric of political and has seemed to resent for using celebrities as an added draw. need and I need Jay he boasted to a cheering crowd in a late night rally in on stop in was first of a frantic day as he goes on a whirlwind schedule of swing states and other seemingly safe Democratic parts of the country in an attempt to pull off an underdog victory against taking in North and New before ending the day with a rally in Grand just before polls open on Although polls have narrowed in recent still has a strong advantage on the electoral map and Trump has widened his focus in the past week in hopes of pulling off an upset in at least one state. Twitter and Trump landing in North over the weekend. Republican nominee ended and with late night rallies in and respectively. The two were considered swing states at the beginning of the but they have come to strongly favor the former secretary of state in recent months. Whether Trump or wins the US what follows is up to us Read campaign likely needs wins in North and to have any path to and it has expanded to seemingly unlikely targets in recent days. Trump held a rally in on a state which has not voted for a Republican presidential candidate in and he is now making repeated visits to a Democratic leaning in hopes of appealing to blue collar workers in the car manufacturing grueling schedule and long odds have seemingly energized who seemed to gain in strength this week as the days have dragged on. He mocked the traveling press at a midnight rally in on saying cameras are and in on mugged for the crowd with a mask of himself. head of he said as he posed for pictures before tossing the mask back underhand into crowd. He then went on praise posing with a fire helmet on and rhapsodized about beautiful beautiful in the Trump left the which is also the home of Bros two long the traditional symbol of the seemed to stand in salute with their front left legs extended. It was unclear if it was in tribute to Trump or in mourning for his flailing elections 
After incurring their wrath for his handling of the investigation into email some Democrats now see B. the as a potential ally in trying to block J. promises to revive the practice of sending terrorism suspects to the military prison at and interrogate them using banned techniques such as For three has helped carry out President in which agents have interrogated suspected terrorists and turned them over to the Justice Department for prosecution in criminal courts. During his confirmation hearing in told the Senate Judiciary Committee that he believed was torture. nominee to serve as attorney Senator has been a fierce critic of the approach. He has argued that terrorism suspects should be sent to Bay and interrogated without access to lawyers and the right to remain silent. If Sessions would be boss. Sessions has also said the United States weakened itself by banning techniques such as which he said were legal and effective. He voted against the Detainee Treatment Act in 2005 that prohibited cruel or degrading treatment of detainees. Last he voted against legislation requiring all government agencies to use only interrogation methods in the Army Field Manual. Those techniques do not include Sessions has said he would not rule out again. would be unwise advice to the enemy we the senator said in 2008. He has opposed the closing of the Bay prison and the transporting of terrorists to the United States to face trial in federal court. The positions taken by in recent years could put him at odds with not just Sessions but other members of national security team. the recent slate of appointments from the Director may well turn out to be a bulwark against the worst abuses and provide some defense of the rule of said of the Center for Justice at New who is a frequent critic of the Gen. T. who was offered the key position of national security adviser in the Trump White has said he might be open to using enhanced interrogation with certain if the country faced a terrorism attack using weapons of mass destruction or another grave threat. Representative Mike Republican of choice to run the Central Intelligence is an advocate of restarting the detention and interrogation which ended. has criticized decision in 2009 to shut down the prisons and require all interrogators to strictly adhere to laws and use only Army Field Manual interrogation techniques. In he accused of refusing take the war on radical terrorism citing among other policies the our interrogation program in also took aim at a Senate report on the detention and interrogation saying its release had put lives at risk. Under the has worked with the military to capture and prosecute terrorism suspects in federal court. In agents and Army Delta Force captured a suspected ringleader of the 2012 terrorist attacks in and took him to a Navy ship in the Sea. including criticized the saying should have been taken to Bay. a former analyst who led the Senate investigation into the detention and interrogation said there was no guarantee that would ally himself with Democrats to oppose a change in policy under Trump. refusal while deputy attorney general in the W. Bush administration to sign on to a National Security Agency surveillance program an action that burnished a reputation for political independence mean not a conservative Republican in opposition to the Democratic said. drew criticism from Democrats after notifying Congress on 28 that the had discovered emails potentially relevant to the case involving use of a private email server as secretary of only to say days before the election that they did not change his determination that she should not face charges. among has said his actions contributed to her losing the election. a security consultant and former agent who has supported criminal trials for said deserved credit for making hard decisions in the email case. He predicted would do the same in a new administration. he win all the I believe he said. he stand up and I believe
J. Trump sat down on with editors and columnists of The New Times for an exclusive interview. Times reporters have annotated portions of the interview. The full transcript is available here. The personal interactions between President and Trump have so far been but not clear that the moment will last. has already indicated that he may weigh in against Trump once the new administration takes especially if the new president attacks legacy achievements. Here is our story on the cordial meeting between Trump and in the Oval Office. Trump is working to reset his mercurial relationship with the media as he looks toward assuming starting with this meeting at what he branded the New during his presidential campaign. But he still nurses intense grievances toward news outlets in general and The Times in particular. Here is more about relationships with the news media and The Times. Trump is hinting that even though federal law does not require him to do anything specific to separate himself from his vast business he is inclined to submit to some sort of voluntary standard of ethics that would avoid conflicts of interest or their appearance. But he leaves open the possibility that there may not be a way to accomplish it. This story has more about business ties. Trump is correct that federal for the most exempts the President from conflict of interest meaning he is allowed to take actions that could benefit his financial holdings. But in modern most presidents have voluntarily put their financial assets into blind trusts. Trump has said he does not intend to take such a instead will turn his companies over to his children. Read this story for more on potential conflicts of interest. The Wall Street Journal editorial among has suggested that the only solution to potential conflicts of interest is to sell off all of his and then have a blind trust reinvest the proceeds. Trump suggests that this is not practical. crowds at rallies frequently targeted chanting her and referring to her as a criminal. In Trump himself encouraged a crowd in telling them starting to agree with as they chanted her In despite remarks the and the Justice which have investigated email server and the conduct criminal inquiries largely independently of the White House. A president attempting to intervene in those kinds of in any would be a major scandal. Here is our full story about reversal on prosecuting Trump has been criticized for not specifically denouncing bigotry and groups that spread bigoted views. His statements about such conduct tend to be including when he says disavow the That nonspecific language has been comforting to leaders of the a white nationalist including B. who led a gathering at a federal building near the White House last weekend that included some audience members offering a salute. Trump here perhaps for the first that being president will perhaps help enrich his family. He also concedes that the arrangement might fairly be called a conflict of interest. Back in when he was still a Trump said definitively that torture was effective. tell me it work torture he told an audience in South you half these Believe it works. So answer on offered a revealing insight into his willingness to shift or rethink a especially after talking with someone he respects. Gen. N. may well be secretary of and his rejection of torture clearly had an effect on the The reality is more complicated. The number of factories and the number of who work in factories both have declined sharply in recent decades. But the manufacturing output is at the highest level in history. The production of like has been replaced by the largely automated production of like circuits. In President signed a landmark law that prohibited the hiring of illegal provided new resources for enforcement along the border and offered legal status to several million illegal immigrants. Experts say the law did little to slow migration to the United but made crossing the border more difficult and dangerous. Premiums for many health plans under the Affordable Care Act are increasing 20 percent to 40 percent or but increases of 100 percent are extremely rare. Deductibles for many plans are but not For a family plan in the maximum including the is comments about his fellow Republicans had a sharp edge and an implicit They owe their congressional majority to and he expects to be treated accordingly. Whether this is and to what will be one of the pivotal stories of the new Trump and crucial to figuring out how much or how little he can get done. He needs Congress to achieve many of the campaign promises he including the deep tax cut and large infrastructure spending not to mention and it is an open question how with his policies Republicans will prove to be. Read these stories for background on relationships with Republican leaders in and the stalwarts who are pondering the future of the conservative movement. Trump suggests here that he may name his as a special envoy to the Middle charged with making peace between the and the Buried in this answer is an assertion by Trump that the federal law does not apply to him as but he also says he would want to avoid the appearance of conflict. Installing as a special envoy could have that essentially giving him an important task that would allow him to be involved in national security deliberations without hiring him outright. This is a role that was often discussed as a potential landing spot for Bill if had won the White House.
Who will become the next chair of the Democratic National This leadership contest has significant implications for the future of politics. The choice will help determine how the Democratic party responds to its extraordinary defeats in recent ending with the election of Trump. A new era is here West Read might think this overwhelming drubbing would cause the Democratic party to reorganize itself into a very different party from the one become which is essentially a giant too often reflecting the goals and values of the moneyed interests that make up the bulk of its funding. bet on it. For one many vested interests want the Democratic party to change. Most of the money it raises ends up in the pockets of political advertising consultants and advertisers many of whom have become rich off the current arrangement. They naturally want to keep the Democratic party apparatus is ingrown and entrenched. Like any old it only knows how to do what it has done for years. Its state and quadrennial national conventions are opportunities for insiders to meet old friends and for aspiring politicians to make contacts among the rich and powerful. Insiders and the rich going to happily relinquish their power and and hand them to outsiders and the Most who call themselves Democrats never hear from the Democratic party except when it asks for typically through mass mailings and recorded telephone calls in the months leading up to an election. The vast majority of Democrats know the name of the chair of the Democratic National Committee or of their state committee. Almost no registered Democrats have any idea how to go about electing their state Democratic chair or almost none have any influence over whom the next chair of the Democratic National Committee may be. We must rethink or will prevail Read have been a Democrat for 50 years I have even served in two Democratic administrations in including a stint in the cabinet and have run for the Democratic nomination for governor in one state yet I have never voted for the chair or of my state Democratic party. That means have had absolutely no say over who the chair of the Democratic National Committee will be. To tell you the I cared. And part of the problem. for that has cared. He basically ignored the Democratic National Committee during his starting his own organization called Organizing for It was originally intended to marshal support for the major initiatives he sought to achieve during his but morphed into a machine of its own. the party chairmanship has become a sinecure for politicians on their way up or not a position for a professional organizer. In subsequently became running mate in the 2016 left the chairmanship to for the Senate from The chair then went to a congresswoman who had bid for the Democratic nomination for president in 2008. This generated allegations in the 2016 race that the Democratic National Committee was siding with against Sanders allegations substantiated by leaks of emails from the So what we now have is a Democratic party that has been repudiated at the headed by a Democratic National Committee that has become irrelevant at run by a series of insider politicians. It has no deep or no capacity for mobilizing vast numbers of people to take any action other than donate no visibility between no ongoing activism. If it is to be relevant to the the Democratic party must be capable of organizing and mobilizing in opposition to Republican party turning millions of people into an activist army to peacefully resist what is about to happen by providing them with daily explanations of what is occurring in along with tasks that individuals and groups can do to stop or mitigate their harmful must harness the energies and idealism of young people across the nation who were drawn to campaign because of its promise to get big money out of reverse widening turn the wildly expensive and baroque complex into a reverse climate end the militarization of our police and the mass incarceration of our people and stop interminable and warfare. I am a Democrat in My party abandoned us Read it must create a coalition of and poor white and black and determined to wrest control of the economy back from an oligarchy of Wall Street corporate titans and billionaires who have used it for their own gain starting with the That means helping white people understand been conned by Trump into believing a and that their economic insecurities are due to a rigged game rather than to black and In other to become a credible force that wins elections and addresses what ails the Democratic party must no longer represent ruling class. It must be the voice of the dispossessed now the majority of The Democratic party will choose its new chair soon after the start of the year. So far the contestants include a former Representative President Labor Secretary Tom former Governor Martin and South Democratic party chair now and there will be a fierce struggle among the handful of contenders. I know who will but I do know the party must transform itself from a machine into a movement. That will be but not impossible. The times demand it. If the Democratic party fails in this it will be supplanted by another organization capable of doing so. elections 
your mind back maybe to when you got your sex education. Was the information For me and it kind of ... of us learned about the female reproductive system and the risks of which is all valuable information. But so much more to our bodies than just sex so why is the education only about We should understand things like how urinary tract infections happen and how to avoid them. We should know not to use douches. And maybe childbirth and menopause be so scary if we had the right we made this last episode of Vagina Dispatches all about sex education. We wanted to discuss some of the things that are missing from the and also figure out why we know what we should. To do we sat down with some sex some friends and our Twitter Vagina what you learn in sex you so much for all of your support throughout this series. We received over 200 emails from people all around the world who connected with the videos and helped us understand ways to make them better. so grateful that you came on this journey with because we think this conversation is more important than on that one final if you please support our work by contributing or becoming a and Dispatches 
searches for to have spiked significantly as some grapple with the reality of election as president of the United States. But the trend also prompted a flurry of warnings of that immigration to northern can be an arduous a Trump victory looked increasingly likely on reports emerged that citizenship and immigration website was with users around the world receiving an internal message error when they tried to access the site. Soon after phoned Trump to congratulate him on his win on the website appeared to be working sporadically. A spokesperson for Refugees and Citizenship said the site temporarily inaccessible to users as a result of a significant increase in the volume of outage dovetailed with a rise in searches on how to move north. Trends data showed a spike in searches for to and to as the results rolled in. On several media outlets joined the publishing articles that offered advice on how to move to It was an echo of a sentiment expressed throughout the campaign by celebrities such as and comedian Key and embraced by an enterprising who launched a matchmaking service linking looking to flee a Trump presidency with On Maple Match founder said that traffic to the website was up while the number of users on the had more than doubled overnight. Some in had also sought to on the mood. Earlier this a radio announcer in set up a website inviting to move to Cape population should Trump win. What started as a joke soon snowballed into an unofficial public relations campaign for the island in eastern with the website racking up more than two million hits and receiving thousands of emails from curious the creator Rob warned those who are seriously contemplating heading north to prepare for an arduous process. if you have a even if you are married to a not he told the Broadcasting Corporation on has committed to accepting 300,000 immigrants in the coming about 120,000 of those spots are expected to be allocated for family reunification and refugees. The rest will likely go to skilled where processing times for applicants can stretch upwards of six wanting to move to under the express entry where processing times average around six are at the mercy of a program that privileges those who hold a job offer in who are between 20 and 45 years old and have higher to is a immigration lawyer Lee told news this week. notion that somebody can just decide to move to and live here is some have managed to make it happen. moved from to after W Bush was elected for the second time. Speaking to the earlier this noted that the process of immigrating to had become much more difficult since he made the move some 11 years ago. A Trump said most likely send scores of following in his footsteps. is one thing to want to go. It is another to pick up and he said. have to put everything on a van and then you have to get the van across the border. Do you have kids in Have you got an elderly parent to take care of or a set of Are you going to be able to adjust to a new so many things that have to line those who do manage to make the the interdependence between and the US suggests may be among the countries most affected by a Trump presidency. Analysts warned that a Trump presidency could wreak havoc on economy as the US accounted for of global trade in 2014. The trade relationship is underpinned by described repeatedly by Trump as the worst trade deal in history. Trump has vowed to renegotiate the terms and would move to withdraw the US from the deal if and refuse. presidential run is far from the first time that the idea of moving to has gone mainstream in hits to the main immigration site increased more than from an average of 20,000 a day to 115,000 the day after Bush won the election. In the threat shifted as news broke that had been elected. After some Republicans declared they would move to they were swiftly countered by those who contrasted policies with universal or of marriage. The apparent popularity of the idea has left some bristling at the notion of as a alternative. On evening many took to Twitter to echo a tweet first fired off by hockey writer during the 2012 election of all political stripes who say they're moving north if their candidate ain't no consolation elections 
were the first football club to have an official wonders White. how about an unofficial I noticed that unofficial fan has been going since so surely must be one of the first. who were the first clubs to start using social media platforms such as and footballers have played for the most teams in a single The Knowledge Read can yells thrusting his arm in the air. Town the first club to have a website or In I used to help maintain it. It was set up in 1990 by who worked at in when the web was still very much experimental. He then passed it on to who was a student at in he passed it on to as I at the a student at then took it back in and ran it until when the club finally woke up to the potential of the and got a local company called to run it There used to be some discussion with United fans about our claim to but I believe that it was decided in our for unofficial websites likely to be Hob Nob Anyone which has been knocking around since reckons Peter the distinction between and was moot in the early as most clubs that tech savvy. the Evening report on its 20th anniversary from In founder Graham Loader explains that did computing and then I found out about the and you could do email and all that stuff. I think it would get big but it got quite big quite quickly. People would contact me and say how exciting it was that they could read about Reading in places like and thinks he can go earlier. web page on the Football Club at University is This is very early in the life of the web. which was what the was introduced in of that on the watching the Islands getting thumped by last I that the annoyingly catchy chant the fans gamely kept up throughout the majority of the second half was actually the theme tune from the computer game emails there any particular reason for this choice of And are there any other examples of fans appropriating any that originated in computer games at not certain of beyond its inherent but this tune appears to be sung around the world. The theme to originated from a folk about a peddler and a girl haggling over it says here. The basic tune has popped up on football terraces in a few starting in the group for the has used the song from as one of the regular chants for notes you one of the great Section 8 could play it on his why. Despite suffering the past few seasons under a terrible the Fire do maintain a small group of dedicated who remember better times with formerly great players and are now reduced making cracks at the laughable players signed for the drinking bitter and talking about the raccoon that invaded the upper deck of the stadium during a cup game two years and has become the emblem of how far we have fallen. We laugh at as it is the only thing that keeps us the Fire fans in happier Twitter On the other side of the also an anthem for Western Twitter Back across the and side Timbers use the same tune and similar but throw in a bit of mass choreography for good Twitter Know any more or other inspired Get in column looked at getting injured running on to the pitch. But reader reminded us of the 1930 World Cup between and the the team doctor Jack Coll ran on to treat an injured dropping his bag on to the pitch as he arrived to do he emails. caused a bottle of chloroform inside the bag to leading to Coll being overcome by fumes and being carried off a last we had a section on players who have appeared for more than four clubs in a and while it trump the seven of Mark A has another nomination. played for five in the 1996-97 season. He started as at of the reasons he left I believe was because he was picking himself too played under his mate Smith at for one headed to for a few then came back down to and has a reading this I spotted a minor inaccuracy regarding John career have a vivid recollection of attending a first round FA Cup tie between and in 1997 where John featured in goal for As a old fan at the time I knew nothing about him but I remember there being a lot of fanfare surrounding the return of a club so I was convinced my memory was right. I then found this article which suggests that he did play in the match. I think the issue here is that only records league appearances so not a reliable source on whether or not a player played for a club in any competition at Surely not. Knowledge is the shortest goalkeeper to have played for a major mused three years we shall dispense with the aspect of this because there that many wee keepers to go around. Only one gets close to satisfying your and who played for Wolves during the finest period in their winning the FA Cup in 1949 and the league title in 1954. Later that year who stood tall in his played in goal when Wolves beat 3-2 in one of the that inspired the Cup. In the News footage you can see him making a double save at the end of the first leaving Wolves with just the two goals to make up in the second. second in the 78th is a Also in the late stood between the sticks for Town all of we were playing chances are respond to with if get on the been suggested that was as short as but most sources put him at either he loom large in the penalty but he more than made up for any lack of height with his fashion sense goalkeepers should be asked to design their own and athleticism. was always charging off his and even if he had committed himself going the wrong he often managed to wriggle back in to position to snaffle the ball away from the toes of attackers. have also had in measuring and known as the Rabbit for his was the Reading goalkeeper Death this the only time anyone can have been by the man who went 11 matches without conceding a goal to set a total of 1,103 minutes without picking the ball out of the back of the net. In the 1978-79 he kept 26 clean conceding in only a quarter of home matches. He much of a but he was quick off his line and a great After his debut for a 1-0 win over one report called him insignificantly built bundle of daredevil a description we think rather you the recent death of the King of it was announced that the current standings in the football leagues will stand with three rounds of games still reports means that whoever was in the relegation zone at the time were whoever was leading the league was pronounced etc. Has something like this ever happened before in any other couple of evenings ago some friends and I that the exciting new player nominative Success has only two unique consonants in his first name and surname cheers Jack friend later that also has only two. A whole series of questions flowed from none of which we got very far on. Are there any other world footballers who have only two consonants in their and who has the longest name with only two Do any have just the one And who has the fewest unique vowels in their For our discussion we disallowed footballers with only one name as that felt like current Rovers hails from County Mayo and his dad is reports he has the word as part of his surname. Are their other examples of surnames containing a word that directly connects to their nationality or that of either of their discovering that the who suffered a hiding at the hands of Arsenal the other have a name which is an anagram of I was wondering if any readers of The Knowledge could suggest any other anagrams of club Bale is the most expensive Welsh player at and is the second highest at writes must be the biggest difference in actual amounts but can any other countries boast a greater proportional difference between their first and second most expensive players fee is 5.7 times more than your questions and answers to or tweet 
is throwing everything she has got at to try to change the national was gone when she finally finished the third rally of a flying visit on the fifth day spent here in the last week alone. The skies over the sunshine state are filling with campaign charter jets as Democrats desperately try to shift attention away from an email scandal and back to the subject they think will win them the made three stops of his own here on the same dotting the corridor that divides the middle of the state politically as well as geographically. On returns to as well. On vice presidential running will head back here for two days. Trump himself lands on Many states matter in the jumbled up electoral map of but few more than this. Democratic campaign staff regard it as their biggest firewall. Without securing its 29 electoral college it is almost impossible for Trump to assemble the 270 votes he needs to become also think it is going to be tight. senator Bill Nelson reminds supporters of the hanging debacle of 2000 and implores them not to let it happen again. A senior campaign aide told reporters on her plane is no state that is more at each tries a different approach to fire up disgust about her opponent. First in the now famous former Miss Universe winner appears on stage to remind voters of treatment of her and his attitude towards women in would frankly rather be up here talking about nearly anything explains I just talk about all of the good things we want to because people are making up their minds. This is a consequential so got to talk about something is because it matters. We just wish it near she switches the focus of her attack to fresh allegations that her opponent bent the rules to avoid paying tax. believe that most of us here have paid a lot more federal income tax than she tells them. he claims worth Twitter and former Miss Universe urge women to reject speech goes on to attack Trump for not paying contractors and swindling students. Trump is the poster boy for everything that is wrong with our economy. I think we deserve a president who stands up for not somebody who stiffs says But there is a lingering fear among Democrats that the barbs are not that months of shocking from Trump has left some voters deadened by his actions and immune to more allegations. Opinion polls pointing to a much tighter race in recent days have been blamed for falling US share prices as investors take fright at the possibility that he might yet defy the odds and win next the end of a tiring frustration is mounting. Arriving late to a floodlit park in Fort delivers a heavily truncated version of her stump urging a mostly enthusiastic get get when a protester starts waving a sign is a his wife appears to do just that. am sick and tired of the divisive and dangerous vision and of the people who support angrily snaps at the protester before he is led away with the sign ripped. are not going we are going she says pointing at for Trump and home in on crucial state as voting begins Read Democrats in the state are worried that early voting data points to a worrying enthusiasm gap among some groups of particularly not doing enough in the black local Democratic congresswoman Hastings warned on have been screaming for months about this and nothing changed and now look makes a point of appealing to the diverse crowd in Fort pointing out how much she enjoyed a visit to a soul food on a recent visit. They are more visibly cheered by the surprise appearance of the civil rights veteran John Lewis. The campaign is also acutely aware of the danger of appearing too and not doing enough to rally its core supporters with a message of its own. Twitter How does the US electoral college see these last days as an opportunity to tell you what I might do because I want to give you something to vote for as well as tells the crowd in who are kept waiting as she slips an hour and a half behind schedule. I also want to keep drawing the contrast with my opponent because we have never had a candidate who is so Every last dollar of campaign coffers will be shaken out this coming week in a blitz of television advertising too. But there are also mistakes creeping into this otherwise slick campaign. While Trump gave an unusually disciplined speech on in slipped up by claiming erroneously that she had been in New on the day of the 11 voice growing slightly the message instead is an increasingly emotional appeal for to pull back from the know you know some people who are going to vote for she tells supporters. I want you to talk to them stage an elections 
As this readers recommend guru said in selecting a get the have until on 21 to post your nomination and make your justification. Regular contributor and first time guru who posts in the comments as will select from your recommendations and produce a to be published on 24 is a list of all songs previously picked and therefore ineligible for the you want to volunteer to compile a from suggestions and potentially about the for the Guardian please email with the subject line or make yourself known in the a reminder of the guidelines for us why a worthy lyrics if but for copyright reasons no more than a third of a words. If sharing make sure there is appropriate copyright to others suggestions and add yours to a collaborative you have a good or if like to volunteer to compile a from please email a wealth of data on including the songs that are at the It also tells you the meaning of for a previous so and other strange words used by regulars also congregate at the 
age put his hamburger down long enough to frame the presidential race in the most unlikely battleground new emails show no criminal wrongdoing Read you met he asked the independent presidential candidate who is siphoning votes from both Trump and Democrat in this traditional Republican have met replied from his seat beside the boy at Little Wonder in rural he yell at he yell at said. not a very nice man said the toxic nature of the 2016 campaign pushed him to declare his quixotic which has upended the race in a state that voted Democratic in more than half a century. The former operative is second in the polls behind Trump and insists he can win six electoral votes and push his way into the White House. More about that in a candidacy has introduced enough uncertainty into Beehive State politics for the first time in modern voters are witnessing an actual presidential campaign. has six paid staffers and maintains a busy headquarters in a Salt Lake City suburb. could decide who wins the blared a page one headline on in the Salt Lake Tribune. Twitter Supporters of in Maria La for the this final weekend before election all three campaigns were scrambling. volunteers manned the phones. On ate his way south from Salt Lake beef tacos at a stop in a chocolate milkshake and some of fries in and a burger in Cedar supporters were out in force protesting at final rally of the outside the convention center in St with Great signs and heckles for the candidate inside. a yelled a voter. got no chance of of the Center for the Study of Elections and Democracy at Young said it is how well seems to be given that he does not have the support of a major is likely to eke out a narrow but still competitive and at the last said. in itself is a headline for he said. more competitive than anyone could have a devout was senior adviser to the committee on foreign affairs in the US House of Representative and later became House chief policy director. When he looks at he he sees a profane and candidate who has turned his back on core Republican values. he is corrupt and untrustworthy. Twitter Trump called a of a in this race because we felt that the two major party both and were unfit for the office that they the responsibilities they he told supporters over and over on believe that they personify a leadership crisis that having in this country. not just them. many of our other leaders who lack the courage to stand up to and her corruption or to Trump and his authoritarianism and his attacks on people based on their based on their or based on their rally I was beaten for a against sign Read candidacy has struck a nerve. multiple infidelity and boasts about forcing himself on unwilling women have alienated even loyal Republicans. Trump and his supporters have gone on the attack. Last week Trump led the calling a His allies at Fox News and Fox Business promptly joined host calling a Mafia and this idiot running third party killing Trump out in the worst was a to voters from a white nationalist and Trump supporter who questioned sexual verbally attacked his mother and called him open borders amnesty has since apologized. Twitter Volunteers at office. Maria La for the to reporters outside his penultimate campaign stop on said he was not surprised. He dismissed the attack as an emblem of dealing Trump has encouraged the white supremacist movement in this he said. encouraged a range of religious and racial even bragging about his sexual assaults of women. This is the kind of person he is. This is the kind of campaign running. And the kind of campaign that the Republican party has not a surprise that as we stand up for equality and that we would find the white supremacist the white nationalist attacking us for our attacking us for whatever they can find. They spread some nasty rumors about us. a sad commentary about what our politics are like in this is the White House win and when and Trump reach the necessary 270 electoral the election will go to the House of Representatives. where believes he has a chance to be elected leader of the free not a scenario that has the campaign sweating. On the headquarters buzzed with phone bankers urging the faithful to fill out their ballots and get them in the or better stick them in a nearby drop beeped. this is this is this is is this support is that said a smiling young woman in a green you planning to return your ballot this it already has been sent awesome. Thank you so much for voting. Awesome. Have a great hung up her phone and pumped her fist. elections 
a story about ushering the crowd to be silent. He starts to clap his time I clap my a child dies somewhere in he audience member yells out in a broad so the story goes from the clapping your hands true that this may be less an accurate record of an exchange and more an amusing dig at even if it not as funny as what about to type has become the man to be at Women of the Year awards. you read that right. is one of women of the year technically their first man of the year alongside several other including the medal winner the three founders of the Black Lives Matter movement and who was nominated for the peace prize after escaping enslavement by speak for but if my being held prisoner in was implicitly put on a par with to do good for as long as been making feel a bit put R. II thought peak was him hacking our phones with his garbage it appears I was talked for years about whether to a man at Women of the Year and always kind of put the kibosh on said the proving that her first at are sound. men get a lot of awards and exactly hurting in the awards it started to seem that that might be an outdated way of looking at things and there are so many men who really are doing wonderful things for women these you have win An award for is actually a win for gender bringing an end to sexist discrimination observed by Women of the Year awards. Either rights activists are a big market for or missing email to give me some space Read are some other way of looking at that far rather we put behind that contraception is the responsibility of women. That their sports are not as demanding nor as entertaining to watch as That abortion involves the baby out of the womb of the That young women feel more valued for their looks than their intelligence or ability on that at could actually have some say the gender pay gap too but we already know going to take more than half a course the real take away here is that such accolades are essentially asked to conflate the achievements and impact of head of the International Monetary with those of the victim of Turner of whom are also among Women of the the inevitably going to be a bit he has sold won 22 raised money for and now spearheaded a new Poverty is Sexist aimed at helping the poorest women. in terms of impact and to him at an award ceremony for women about rivals naming Wonder Woman as the ambassador for the empowerment of women and appointment of the fictional character was made two weeks ago amid protests from staff who noted the damning that the unable to find a who fit the the goal was to promote the forthcoming Wonder Woman even a woman to do that its Patty attended the you employ women or otherwise give them money if you listen to music made by or read books written by even if you women sometimes you are doing more for equality than Wonder Woman is. That is a bar that the would do well to perhaps they could start by paying their send and Rock to fight State Read course magazine and the both stand to gain from even outraged coverage of their honorary certainly more than and a fake superhero do from receiving them. In fact both are likely well aware that if bestowed their on more worthy most of us would be unaware the titles exist at and West did before I find myself reaching for the quote from Blades of a strikingly prescient moment in an otherwise forgettable cares what it It gets the people consider me got And not even an original the US election campaign before award is a plot twist lifted directly from the US comedy series Parks and Recreation. In one is named female empowerment award winner by a determined to give their award the opposite of a for marketing purposes. are he is why I fully intend to decline this nonsense and recommend it go to am not deigning to list men who would have been better than as man of the year at the Women of the Year awards though is more likely to have tweeted a picture of himself shirtless with a copy of the magazine in one hand and The Feminine Mystique in the plead instead that we stop bestowing these ridiculous awards and especially for in feminism and gender equality. Because these are starting to look a lot more like losses. 
in have uncovered what is believed to be the biggest corruption scandal in the history. Many companies have been accused of paying bribes to officials at a oil giant known as One of them is which is alleged to have paid a bribe to win a contract to install equipment on oil rigs. has said previously that it is cooperating with the admitted in 2013 that it had failed to declare that it had employed middlemen on civil energy contracts awarded by bodies. Firms are required to declare the payment of commission to agents in civil contracts. police have been examining arms deals involving between 2007 and 2011. anonymous using the name Soaring Dragon alleged that paid large bribes to two officials in 2005 and 2010 to win contracts from two of the airlines. One official was jailed for although was not named as the payer of the bribe in the court former employee has claimed in interviews with newspapers that had given to the then son Tommy to persuade the main airline to buy its engines in the has denied that he received the or a blue car from or that he recommended the engines to the a former aide to a South was implicated in an arms deal scandal and in 2008 was accused of large payments to secure contracts for arms firm He was not prosecuted. A leaked document seen by the Guardian and the for Investigative Journalism in South shows that in hired as a commercial consultant to and its business in the country. He was to be paid for his according to the document. who has denied being involved in corruption in the did not respond to a request for hired agents in to try to secure lucrative contracts with the powerful oil according to leaked documents obtained by Media. Between 2008 and the company hired a partnership between the agent and another firm of agents to try to secure contracts worth more than the aftermath of the hired to help it secure contracts with the Southern Oil Company. Between 2007 and the company was particularly keen to try to secure a contract to sell three industrial a subsidiary of was hired to represent in though the contract would be just one year later over fears of damage. Prior to sold industrial components to the country through a separate firm of represented in from attempting to secure a contract to contribute to the pipeline. According to the partnership was still active as of despite corruption allegations having been made against the previous was using help to secure contracts in as early as 2001. The relationship between the two companies was sufficiently close that in as work dried plans were made for operation to be subsumed into international division rather than being shut Serious Fraud Office is examining whether and its agents were involved in bribing government officials to win energy contracts as recently as according to a report in the Financial Times. reportedly no longer employs the who told the paper that they were not aware of the investigation. The paper said the agents did not respond to emailed huge arms deal with the was mired in corruption claims for years. A court case in the late revealed that which made engines for had paid to royals as part of the deal. The Guardian has previously reported details of the court including the claim that the money was paid into an anonymous company in Panama. The payments became public when the royals claiming that had promised them nearly double that sum. The matter was settled out of court. It is unclear if these payments are being examined by the in its current has said it was not in corrupt practices relating to its business relationship with It said that some of the information that formed the basis of the allegations against it been gathered as a result of criminal activity including you would like to pass on any confidential you can send a message via the service how here and Fraud 
The 2016 presidential election took a heavy toll on the vast army of journalists assigned to cover grinding down shoe fingertips and in equal measure. But for one Dale of the the race for the White House was singularly turning him into a night the end of each long day on the campaign he would take a deep breath and launch into his second the lies of Trump. The work would begin often at when all was quiet and he could sink himself undisturbed into a hot bath of outrageous start by watching recordings of the rallies the Republican candidate had addressed that scouring his words for deceits that ranged from the whopping opposed the election is to the trivial only way to pronounce is when in fact most people say the reporter would scuttle through Twitter followed by news outlets and search engines in the hope of catching every statement he made and testing them all for accuracy. As the election untruths began to and with them nocturnal until he was at it virtually all night. After each of the three televised debates between Trump and and in the final frantic days of the he pulled before going straight back to his day the end it was Dale says. only thing that made it easier was that Trump repeated we called him out for lying but he was so unresponsive he just kept saying the same 15 until 8 Dale recorded a total of 560 false Trump an average of about 20 a day. As the reporter staggered into election he reflected that if his nighttime activities had reached even a small percentage of the and helped them understand the fundamental mendacity of a candidate seeking the most powerful job on the then would have been worth came election night. was as shocked as many other Dale recalling steady march towards the 270 electoral votes needed to win. Despite his own extraordinary despite the similarly herculean efforts of the New which dedicated 18 journalists to the debates in real or of which turned over 30 staffers to a similar despite the Trump column and so much some 61 million were enough by the idea of a serial liar in the Oval Office to vote for the only journalistic tool that was deployed in 2016 with what now appears to be limited effectiveness. Many observers assumed the thundering scoop of remarks in which he boasted about grabbing women the together with astonishing opening question at the first debate in which she reminded the candidate that he had called women and would hand female and thus the to They of white women voted for according to exit the lead news anchor at predicted on election day that Trump would lose because he had turned his back on the media. happen almost one in three backed to or how the media handled the Trump phenomenon Read those most portentous of journalistic also seemed to have little purchase on the outcome of this election. The Lab counted 360 titles that backed including the Morning News which sided with a Democratic candidate for the first time since and Today which endorsed the first presidential in its history. By Trump drew a paltry 11 endorsements. Such overwhelming consensus from the press but was anybody Put all these indicators and you start to wonder whether unlikely victory has sounded the death knell for the influence and authority of what he and his supporters scathingly call the Did the in particular cable which broadcast his every cough and spittle with almost obsessive help put him in the White did the press go too far in abandoning its traditional and unrestrainedly attacking as pundits are now Looking what will be the role of the established media as we head into the chilly waters of a choppy new are just some of the glaring questions left hanging at the end of an epically weird election season. To begin poking some of those the Guardian has teamed up with the Journalism Review a leading source of media criticism. It has compiled a unique oral history of the 2016 election through the eyes of 40 of the top and press reporters and columnists who helped shape and define the public perception of this race. The narrative runs to 11,000 with the Guardian publishing an edited version of it. One of the first big questions that oral in tandem with the own exploration of the throws up is the role of blanket coverage in the fall and rise again of Trump. of was quick to spot earlier this year that Twitter feed acted not only as a powerful megaphone channeling his voice directly to his followers had of them on Twitter on election as well as on it also served as a news script for the cable channels. Trump would tweet out his latest offensive or aggressive often in the early hours of the and news editors arriving at their desks would pick it up and turn it into headlines that would then go on to dominate the rest of the news cycle. Twitter Guardian reporters reflect on challenges of covering 2016 US typically drives is great reporting by newspapers. Trump used his tweets as an alternative route to great and that turned out to have been a very big Smith told the channels feasted on tweeted with an alacrity that many observers found disturbing. According to a study by Trump benefited from the equivalent of worth of free airtime from earned a quantity that the analysts said was surreal in sheer In cable channels enjoyed a massive ratings was convulsed by other notably decision to employ former campaign manager while he was still receiving from his old and the embarrassment falling to of Democratic strategist leaking questions from a town hall event in advance to the campaign. More red faces erupted at when its Access tape of lewd comments about women was leaked to the Post after the network appeared to dither over broadcasting these humiliating at times though they pale in comparison with the overarching charge that and to a lesser degree the press was indiscriminate for far too long in its handling of engaging with him more like the Apprentice reality star that he was than the US president that he wanted to become. the cable news in particular and and to some extent gave Trump unhealthily inflated coverage. That helped make says media columnist of the Post. It takes someone with the experience of John chief strategist to rival John during the Republican to spell out the full impact of this media binge on the election. He believes it actively distorted the and even six months after dropped out of the you can still hear the fury in hope some deep introspection at the networks and cable channels over the billions of dollars of free coverage they gave to often without holding him accountable for his bizarre claims. He is judged by such a low standard by many of the news troubling to sense that the media allowed itself to be taken for a ride by the Trump campaign in exchange for stellar ratings came to a crunch on 16 in By now enshrined as Republican Trump lured the pack of political reporters to a press conference by promising to make a statement an it was assumed about his and lie about President having been born outside the location for the event happened to be the Old Post Office on Avenue that Trump had just renovated into a luxury hotel. For 26 minutes he subjected the and through them the to a succession of unctuous speeches by retired military leaders singing the praises. when Trump finally got round to issuing a rebuttal of his own false he prefaced it with yet another lie that was responsible for having started the toxic rumor in the first was vintage Trump. Almost a of free advertising not only for his presidential campaign but also for his new hotel handed to him on a plate by the cable networks in exchange for a that made false accusations against his opponent. Nothing new was new was the response of the assembled media crowd who had been forced to sit through the cameras keyboards as though they were so many of dutiful playthings. It was a fumed referring to the Rick while John King on the same channel got played who teaches journalism at New University and whose has been a widely cited resource on the fraught relationship between Trump and the press in sees the hotel debacle as a seminal moment. when people in the campaign press corp got disgusted not just with mendacity and manipulation but at themselves for playing along with it. That turned the was an important turning agrees Kyle editor and publisher. when reporters response from the New Times was decisive and swift. As its political editor related to a recent of media she immediately approached the executive went to Dean and I we call this the unwinding of a He understood the potency of coming out very directly and saying and that what Trump had done a willful deceit was far more egregious than some of the fabrications and stretching of the truth that we usually see in politics. So he was firmly behind resulting piece by marked in itself a seminal moment for the Times which as pointed out is a traditional that until recently struggled with the idea of calling a lie a lie. Yet in this case the editorial decision to do just that abandoning any attachment to the the one hand but on the other hand school of journalism came quickly and easily. decided in about 40 has been a lot of discussion this election cycle about how insurgent its asymmetry as has put has shaken up many of the rituals and false of political journalism. New makes clear that his magazine consciously decided to ditch the journalistic habits of a pretend to but we as a rule over the try to maintain some kind of We abandoned that because we felt the threat of his candidacy and presidency was too counterpoint to that is that several of the contributors to the oral history express regret at least at the the coverage of real estate businessman was as puts it. The billionaire was underestimated as a and as a result treated initially as a bit of a joke. Laura a politics editor for bravely admits feeling guilty that she assigned a deep dive into Trump soon after he launched his campaign in 2015 to a regret not taking him more seriously a year ago than I But Smith makes the point important though such it should not obscure the fact that there was plenty of reporting done even early on. New we at the Guardian and many gave a thoroughly detailed account of him. Anyone who was surprised by the person who emerged during the campaign really paying only have to credit a tiny portion of the highlights of the coverage this cycle to see how impressive much of it seminal romp with Trump all the way back in package in her Times mailbox containing the leaked tax of the work on the Trump Foundation and his groping of the probe into the real rigging of the Guardian columnist interviews with women alleging the candidate sexually assaulted what happened to all this solid Why did it appear to go up in a puff of smoke on election There is a separate and febrile debate over whether or not opinion polls were in part to blame for giving the impression that the White House was in the bag for but many other theories are prevalent as Gold of Politico tells is that the media did its job but the public did not The New Times political reporter Martin offers an opposite that the coverage did hit home with as reflected in historically bad popularity ratings. To which it might be added that is still winning in the popular third line of inquiry that is likely to run and run is whether the in its coastal failed to get to grips with the anger that was brewing right under its nose in the heartlands. A flick of that argument was given in the missive sent by and publisher and executive editor of the New to their readers soon after the election. sheer unconventionality lead us and other news outlets to underestimate his support among Answering his own told the Guardian US that the Times did in fact write extensively about anger in in the to the but adds that a good idea as an editor to be humble enough to ask oneself what questions should have been asked during the campaign. including the Trump campaign quite understood the forces that would lead to Trump being elected in what everybody agrees was a surprise. A big part of my job now is to explain that in the coming to go out in the talk to people who feel anxious about the future of the caricature let them speak. Just let them more disturbing thought is that while many news outlets took great efforts to chronicle the plight of the white working classes in middle their dispatches register with millions of voters for the simple reason that those voters reading any of us. Amid the ongoing muscle of the new transcendence of not to mention the proliferation of fake news conservative and for that matter liberals are increasingly able to receive information from within their own alternative bubble where their opinions are reinforced without being challenged by the loathed One of the more despairing expressions of this theory was given by New Moss to media as it used to be thought of is just not that important any more. It matter that some people were doing good work because just talking to ourselves and people who already agree with another theory has been aired increasingly by pundits such as of Fox News that flips the argument that the media did too little too late to expose Trump on its head. In this major outlets did too were too eager to go after him. The editor of the Wall Street tells that reporters saw it as their role to stop this man from becoming they put themselves in the role of It fell to Piers of Mail as it often to put the case most ludicrously biased barrage of bile helped him get ripostes the Dean cover Trump any more aggressively than we covered People forget that we broke the story of emails. If both sides think you were tough on maybe that means you were all the mainstream media bashing that has been unleashed since 8 one source of it stands head and shoulders above the Trump himself. Which is not given his track record during the campaign. Reporters deemed to be producing copy were punished by was ejected from a press conference after the anchor dared to ask an awkward was turned away from Trump rallies as comeuppance for his caustic 2014 a lengthening list of other media outlets were banned by the individual journalists were targeted for such as supporters at campaign stops were enabled to turn in anger against camera operators just doing their metamorphosis into the tendency to target the media has only got worse. Now he routinely gives the press pool the showing contempt for both transparency and tradition. Back on his Android Trump is on the New Times displaying a sort of frenzied disdain that hardly bodes well for the relationship between president and the paper of record. never seen anything quite like says who as former editor of the Times and bureau chief of the Times has seen more than most. think ever had a tweeting about for 20 2017 and the start of his presidency bears down upon much of the media will enter the Trump era carrying with them a profound sense of trepidation. is a moment of high danger for the heading into a dark period for democracy and says Jay of tells think remember this election as unique and very concerning for the future of the press because if this becomes the we are in serious not just the lack of mocking and bullying that can be expected from President Trump. also the internal danger that the media will normalize his time in office under the cloak of traditional reverence for the presidency. Contributors to the account of 2016 point out that a pattern of normalization was established even on the campaign when media outlets appeared to be willing Trump on to elevate himself from his startlingly unconventional approach to a proper mode. In the memorable description of Tommy politics the candidate have gone up there and danced the and they would have is a welcome change in tone from the election that trend has some believe. John the former chief strategist for Republican rival John says he is outraged by media references to the chairman who Trump has appointed his senior counselor in the White as a or an He was the publisher of the news site that he said was home to the and that is code for racism and sexism and Weaver what will be the role of the as it somewhat battered but still into Will it be to document the new administration with a detached and as traditional newsroom canons or will it pursue that other burning function of the fourth holding power to will cover him fairly and and we will not let his criticism of us sway us or keep us from doing what we have to says Dean of the New Times. my mind our mission is clearer than ever we have to cover the giant story of this extraordinary White which is going to change politics and policy for years to as truthfully and honestly as we elections 
All the egregious victory in his and it is far more significantly ominous for the rest of the world than what triumph also does is to strengthen the case for the decision. is now faced with huge geopolitical concerns. It should be pulling and resisting the centrifugal forces which the result of the referendum can only the rest of the Union needs as it faces up to the implications of love affair with and manifest isolationist the last thing either we or the other 27 need is for to dominate the next few still meet people who are surprised to learn on referendum stated if the result were to be in of then it should be followed by another very idea that people have and that therefore the vote is does not quite stand the test of history. The people spoke in but the likes of did not like what they so in due course we saw the rise of and the emergence of conveniently financed personally by a salary from the parliament a salary I he continues to draw. Talk about having it both after people change their minds in a parliamentary democracy there was a time in in the and when they seemed to have elections every year. The hysteria fomented by the with attacks on the legitimacy of is reminiscent of in the and the rise of We have a prime minister who seems to be obsessed by what the younger readers may care to study the record of that newspaper with regard to fascism in the is worth repeating that only of the adult population voted for and many of them were misled by a nasty propaganda campaign from the which crossed the boundary from selective use of the facts to outright lies. It is therefore good to see that Professor Bob an expert in electoral law at the University of has complained to the director of public prosecutions that the lies propagated by the Vote Leave and campaigns the costing a week which could go to the joining the etc contravened electoral is already a bottomless pit of articles and emails on the question of the timing of invoking article 50 of the treaty to begin the not of but of withdrawal from the We now await the judgment of the supreme court early next year on the high ruling that parliament should be thought it was pretty shocking in the first place that our prime minister should have tried to bypass the sovereignty of and she continued to shock when refusing to the attacks on the judges merely saying that she believed in a free press. we all a free and responsible reminds the picture of the three high court judges used a headline of the that echoed the vile slogans of Chairman and the propagandist is not as according to recent she needs to worry. We are told although the vast majority of are against most of them are intending to the result of the country is heading for a train crash. As one political historian said last think there is any previous example in history where policymakers were so determined to vote against their true problem for those of us who remain unrepentant is that the economic consequences of 23 constitute a This is the biggest economic crisis of my long and I have little doubt that when the full extent of the damage to investment becomes it will become increasingly obvious that the vast majority of the people will regret their to the crucial point of whether the referendum result can legally be in a paper presented last week to the Duff a great expert on all matters to the claims made in the high article 50 is indeed revocable. Article involves a notification of an intention to withdraw from the union. Intentions can especially after a general election and the installation of a new our new chancellor faces the daunting prospect when preparing his autumn statement 23 of dire economic forecasts from the Institute of Fiscal Studies and in due from the Office for Budget will reflect the expected impact on the finances of the exodus of financial and other institutions that want to ensure their place in the single market. They have to take serious and are not impressed by the chaotic of the In My 
Many years ago during a conversation with a I was asked why I went into research. I said I wanted to help people. His reply was a belly laugh. I was confused. I know that not open heart but my research looking at the causes of and treatments for mental health problems is still about helping dirty little been writing erotic novels to fund my Read am not alone in wanting my research to make things better. All researchers want their work to be useful and relevant of getting research funding is dependent on having not that simple. In my mental messages for the wider world often boil down to one of two suggestions. that service providers would benefit from additional or specialist training. that the government ought to invest more into treating mental health disorders. In both the answer is of but no The conversation often ends to say that research never has an impact. It does. The most widely cited example is the rate of smoking cessation in the over the past few decades. But of the many researchers who looked at that could accurately say what influence their individual study Shot in the so much pressure for academics to ensure that their work ends up in the right but how much pressure is there for policymakers to keep up to date about the latest findings in the areas they are responsible Very it how can we get our messages Despite the emphasis placed on the pathways are not clear. We are told to tweet our for instance. Notwithstanding issues about condensing complex and technical science into 140 if ever there was an example of a shot in the surely this is can email an in the hope that your message will spark a response more meaningful than the generic you for your stop playing to the cameras and get back to your labs Read talking about is lobbying or at least attempting to. There are several issues with this. For problem of access. for the recent talks about whether to introduce an additional tax on sugary drinks. Representatives from the drinks industry had a reported 130 meetings with policymakers during the process. simply not possible for academics to compete with that. But imagine that your your tweets emails do get read and you get through the door. The difference just it is the nature of the conversations themselves. Academics naturally tend towards caution and talking about predictions and probabilities. Professional on the other are free to talk about job negative impacts on the economy and losses of votes and so as if they are certainties. And this is against a backdrop of policy changes that attempt to restrict charities often fund even getting a foot in the if you can be you still need several other things to be in place in order to get results most crucial are political appetite and public support. These are beyond your brings me back to my chortling supervisor. He was I later because he had acknowledged a simple truth. for the most about helping people. Not at least. about the pursuit of knowledge. We do what we can to obtain knowledge and we do what we can to it out and we just have to keep our fingers crossed that it makes a the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education 
immigration has excoriated the current occupant of the Peter branding his recent reflection on the immigration policies of the and declaring the Liberal party long since ceased to be Twitter What was immigration policy under statement on followed incendiary observation in question time on that should not have let into in the because a small number of people in subsequent generations had been charged with praises Peter after remarks Read prime minister on declined three opportunities to rebuke for his praising the immigration performance in the portfolio. Twitter evades question on declared in his statement that had hit a new low in standards of recent immigration and accused him of deliberately chasing headlines via an interview with the the News Corp and Sky News government international law and said in the statement. the government onwards these have been increasingly placed in the same category as the One Nation who opposes and declaring them alarmist and he said the community anger in response to the immigration comments was words offended especially as they attacked for whom they have profound respect and whose policies enabled them to integrate with and expand the understanding of other of the diversified culture that has due to the contribution of migrants and he prime minister used a national security statement to parliament on to argue an was a vital element in countering the rise of violent extremism. told parliament terrorist groups sought to identify weakness and vulnerability and to and exploit fear and and that target particular sections in society merely play into their hands. We are one of the most successful multicultural societies in the I have said many the glue that holds us together is mutual respect the recognition that each of us is entitled to the same the same dignity and Labor took the opportunity of the security statement and a separate debate in the federation chamber to for his Labor Bill accused of engaging in lazy and he said the immigration observation about migrants was said the comments had the potential to and abet the isolation and resentment that the extremists pray comments just a repudiation of the success of a nation made great by migration and multiculturalism. The his ignorant contradict and undermine and fly in the face of every briefing I have ever received from our security agencies who explain to us how best to counter about defeating the federation Labor Tony said you had to go back to the time of the White policy to find a minister making an argument that particular communities should be excluded from entry on the basis of race or said the comments from gave a people sense of and permission to abuse their fellow and he said that abuse had already said he believed statement would win him but said it was time for political leaders to lead and bring the country and to cease equivocations about multiculturalism. A multicultural was either a concept you signed up to or backbencher and expert who was born in not has received death threats on her page which are currently being investigated by the Federal has also been the subject of abusive email sent to her office on with the subject line says the was right. Pack your bags and piss off back to where you came from and take all of your terrorist faith with immigration and 
been with my boyfriend for two years and we have a loving and wonderful relationship. The only problem is a significant age gap 25 and 48. If it for probably be heading towards marriage and a family in the near but we both have some serious reservations about whether continuing is the best thing for me. Mutual friends have encouraged us to go for and sure that things would be great for the next 20 years or but we have to be pragmatic and think beyond I expect him to live past his mid at best. While I am not particularly worried about my children having an older father siblings and I the thought of being a widow for years terrifies me. I think I could be happy or fulfilled in the long term without anyone to come home to or to share my daily life with. I have trawled the for stories of women who had been widowed at about this age and what I found just sad it was horrific. Almost without exception the women talked about wanting to even years after their and many said the only reason they kept going was to avoid upsetting their children. The possibility of my husband becoming ill and incapacitated at a stage where I want to be active and travel also weighs heavily on my have discussed these issues openly and at and have made multiple attempts to pull away from each other. We have tried to cease contact and have even been living in different cities for the past as neither of us wants to be we make any of it stick. Just the thought of seeing someone else makes me feel sick and anxious. And no guarantee that separating would mean find someone with whom be keep going on like this I need to commit or walk but I feel Neither is a choice I want to make and afraid of being filled with regret years down the track. been thinking about your letter for some weeks now and what strikes me is your You are exploring every every scenario and in so doing you as you yourself. Because you are largely exploring the with every thought of if you end with a a disaster. exhausting and pernicious. You know I need to commit or walk but you tend to when we are anxious and this was one of the first things psychotherapist and couples Mills picked up on. He felt this might be why are attracted to a man could be your father because he gives you authority or makes you feel not making any negative judgment about the age as many relationships are very happy and successful as long as the age difference the main element driving the we are anxious or we also want guarantees and tend to think in black and white. You know I need to commit or walk but you Sometimes the most proactive thing you can do is Mills no obvious definitive answer to your and not surprisingly you wish there were. reaching for a perfect solution. also trying to map out a future. neither exist and even if you and your boyfriend were similar ages. But why the urgency in either committing or walking This question is too important to rush. got time. I suggest you carry on enjoying each company and carry on and my guess is that in the next few years be fresh information that will help you both decide. And anyway the decision is just as much your as it is age gaps in a our readers respond The people's panel Read was struck by how catastrophic you felt losing a partner would be and how your life would in not worth living. While few would relish the thought of losing a there are many examples of people leading successful and fulfilling lives after the death of one. I feel this needs further because if you are prone to you will find something to about in any relationship you go into. I worry you are looking for resilience outside of yourself. What has made you so much in need of absolute a decision is so and with this many the key is to shorten the focus. Think about the next year or two. Think about your own your as well as that with your partner. Do nothing just because I think you are ready to. Remember that if you split up and not the right thing to this has the ability to affect all your future so this relationship has the ability to have an even if you stay in it. You need to explore it either until no longer right for or you feel going forward with it is. You need to split or stay for concrete not based on a projection of what might problems The Kings 90 or email regrets she cannot enter into personal on Twitter 
report from Soldier Field has which means time for me to go thanks very much for reading and your emails and tweets. clinch first ever win over New to end All record streak Read more celebrates 40-29 victory. Images celebrates with the fans. Images The players and staff continue the celebrations in the dressing room. Make no mistake about it that was an not an All Blacks CG for Super tribute to legend as face down the 2016 For New the inquest will begin in earnest. Far too too indisciplined in the first half they left themselves with just too much to do and having raced through the gears like only they can they could not quite get their noses in front and try proved decisive in the same way that missed penalty three years ago would of course are not they were always going to lose at some point but fingers will be pointed at the fact that it was in All week has been one rampant PR machine the All Blacks determined to spread their gospel to the aware of the commercial avenues it especially with an impasse over the global calendar beyond 2019. It may of course have nothing to do with were inspired after but punt out that many pictures of players squeezing every last drop out of being in and fingers will be pointed. But they will be back. On a separate all England have to do is win all four of their another grand slam and beat New record poor 2016 Best is speaking to on the just talked about attacking New You can see how much it means to our boys. I be prouder of the work we put in. been a long time history made. 2016 Best celebrates after famous victory. Images New winning streak of 18 comes to an paying the price in the end for a quite woeful performance. Take nothing away from though Best take your they were all up to the in a figure of eight in tribute to were magnificent from the word go. It got hairy in the second it was always likely and when try converted by his brother brought New to within the comeback felt it was not to be. New came back from 15 points to win in three years ago the last time these sides met but not this time. Dejected New players look on following their defeat. Images At the 29th time of after 111 have beaten the All in in the same week as the Cubs ended their wait for a World Series. Absolutely mother of sweet What a Super As I said before up there with 2016 Let the celebrations begin. Images 80 misses the penalty but it is not going to matter. almost pounces on a loose ball for another try but a and a New scrum. There are seconds to the clock is red an And the 78 New have the ball but it keeps going to ground. rattled and there is going to be no way back from this. New knock it give away the penalty and will cruise to victory a first ever victory against the All Blacks in 111 years of trying. 77 nails the and that should be that. 77 breaks from the back of the runs the switch with who forces his way over. surges towards the line ... And goes over to once again put clear space between and the All Blacks. Billy 75 Oh wow. fires the scrum to who finds who loops a brave pass to His kick on is perfectly judged and swarm on who is pushed out. an five out a reminder that they lead by four 73 picks up and finds who nudges New have it five from halfway. brings them into the half. has been fantastic since he came on. changed the game dare I say it but are still remarkably committed in and forces the error from Squire. Another scrum. Just over six minutes to hold out. 72 New get the driving maul and has it at the back and still they come forwards. almost snipes through but with the forwards again. knocked on by I think Respite for again. Although need to win the scrum and go again. Guy is a frantic game of rugby absolutely bricking it and only The ABs are so 2016 71 On a replay of the knee appears to find back there. That looked and need some treatment. It look malicious but it was a knee break in play will no doubt suit 70 finds touch. There have been a raft of replacements but is still on finds Read. have forced the on the edge of the 22 though and boots it clear. kicks to who calls for the mark. And breathe a bit more. 68 Stander rips off his scrum cap and throws it away. puts in. keep the ball in hand and has a blast. Still are in their own half and New with the frightening line speed. clears and was a shade too early with his tackle on 66 earns a bit of time with an excellent so New have it in their own 22. kicked gathers but is pushed into takes the quickly and the All Blacks are almost away unable to hold on to the ball on the left. Scrum just inside the half. 64 converts. And New are to within four. 63 So a New scrum on the five in from the left. is on and gets a touch. Squire drives New into the 22. then fires it out to the left where is And the is breached again. Squire shows delightfully soft hands to feed the onrushing who reaches out an arm to dot down. Debut cap touches down to score the All third try. Images 62 a scrum on to put in. gets an early couple of but has turned over and the All Blacks race down the left. A certain try is stopped only by stooping to stop a grubber. New are simply with quick turnover ball. 60 launches high again and his takes a wonderful catch. New turn it over but follow suit. Joey is on for Sexton now. What a match for the New who turned 21 on to make his debut in 59 Sexton has so takes the kick but he rattles it over. That took some courage but have an lead. 57 fires over a pretty ugly conversion but two points nonetheless. Ominous for They need something to stem the tide. And they may just have it. A penalty at the restart against Read. 56 New pinch the and up into the and Smith thinks over in the corner. And just like that New are back to within 10 with a conversion to come. will check with the but it appears to be All ability to race through the gears is unparalleled in rugby and dare I say it world sport. The try is given 55 turn to go takes Smith has it and and the ball is worked to on the left. He pins back his ears but makes a fantastic tackle and is in touch. And breathe. 54 New have a and work the ball the who goes high but gathers expertly. New have worked out their it seems. 52 slots the wasting little time in the process. cannot go into their shells but that they need to keep New out for the next 10 or so minutes. 51 New must show a bit of urgency and they race up to the 22. line speed remains impressive but wriggles offloads and somehow gathers to strike back for the All Blacks almost immediately. Here we 49 From the Sexton is off target with the conversion. try was worked with the kind of precision that is usually only seen in the southern hemisphere. have the courage of their convictions. going to take something extraordinary from the All Blacks to turn this around. 48 need to make sure with this Best tries to find and does. Here goes the drive. rumbling towards the line. It get brought down illegally but wants more than fires it left to Sexton who finds on the left. celebrates scoring their fourth try with Sexton. 47 defensive line speed is remarkable. got fingerprints all over it and after New clear looks to have been tackled high by Moody. think so but he wants to check with the the first hit is on the chest but it slips up to the neck. Penalty only. on halfway and Sexton hits the corner. 46 a shame for is on for New so he and are now the 45th brothers to play for the All Blacks. New scrum. is also on for Smith. 45 And Sexton thumps the penalty down field. Best to take the just outside the 22. 44 New drive goes nowhere but attempt to claim high kick is dreadful. New are looking dangerous but defenders are swarming. loose pass is picked up by Squire so the All Blacks still have it. Loose this time from Smith. And Yes Sexton makes the turnover. 42 The subsequent clearance is poor though so here come New up to the 22. Both props carry strongly before pops up on the left. spilled forward though and it clear. Up to just beyond halfway. 41 back underway. clear their lines after fielding the restart and it touched black on the way out so have the A stat for 17 points equals New biggest ever deficit. They were also 17 down against in in 2011. won that day also worth bearing in mind that in three years score a point in the second half. What they give for an early penalty in front of the posts. There two New with some important words of wisdom to impart at the moment. be he do but New have a lethargy about them that they need to shrug and on the other hand was visibly wounded three years ago. Do not underestimate how much he would love to guide his side to victory over the All Blacks. That is not a are 17 points to the good at at Soldier Field and they are worth every point. New from the word have been horribly and their has been terrible with no or but these are the world with 18 straight wins in a those sort of things are not supposed to meanwhile are playing with an intensity that would be proud of. Facing down the in a figure of eight in tribute to have been quite magnificent. Thunderous in twice using the choke tackle to excellent Stander is having a game for the it is the spring in their the confidence that has really impressed. no doubting that play well when and Sexton play well and those two have been the most impressive performers. Kicking expertly and keeping the All Blacks penned in. is also having a stormer at is the All Blacks though. They were 15 points down at the break in three years ago and rallied. They can score tries from anywhere and never lost to in 28 matches. And there is no doubting they will improve after the go anywhere. 40 New sweep from right to left before is finally brought down. And another choke executed earns a scrum. out and off the field have thought 39 has it on the 22. Cane forces a crucial turnover for the All Blacks there. Perhaps a little bit of from finds touch and be a New on halfway. of New wins a ball. Images 38 claims a bomb but through sheer force of batters him back and effects the turnover. clips one over the top into space and Smith has to scramble. The All Blacks are on the ropes. 37 Having said are not trying to hold what they have. happy to attack the frankly woeful All Blacks and they have a of their own after shoving out of play. Here comes the drive. 35 Sexton receives a bit of treatment. a worry for because been excellent so far but he dusts himself down to knock over the conversion. must be thinking concede before concede before 34 OH MY the standout player of the first shows and goes and dashes under the catching Smith off guard. Echoes of 2013 x a million. always seems to up his game against New and daylight between the two sides now. scores their third try despite the efforts of Billy 33 The usual scrum delays end with finding Sexton and then the onrushing up the middle. Sexton sends it hight. overruns it and snaffles it. So are just outside the New 22. 31 Van Flier gets his hands on the ball before thumps a low kick straight at who knocks it on. everything seems to be going way but the root of New problems is their misfiring With no or perhaps understandable. 30 Stander dislodges the ball from though and fires it away to safety to around halfway. an excellent clearance. Stander is on fire. And claim the New 29 Smith kicks over the right into the corner but pivots and clears Sharp work from the wing there. Interest from New but they have it inside the 22 on the left. New Smith kicks the ball as attempts to block. 28 New rumble up to halfway and a bit of magic from works space for who finds who runs out of space. He gets it and makes what looks like a forward but New are up to the 22 and are building a head of steam. 27 back underway after a long old break. with the on the New line and have disrupted it again. New scramble it back but excellent line speed keeps the All Blacks at bay. For now. banner spotted at Soldier Field took to tackle 2016 It is indeed the end of day so Van Flier is on. a lengthy stoppage though. appears to be in a fair bit of trouble. help but think that this break will be more beneficial to New rather than put my twins down didn't think b up by 10. As we from 2013 it ain't over till the 2016
description of business partners as his in an interview published by on drew an angry response from who took offense at the racial connotation of the word. The dispute between the and who plays for the Cavaliers and is one of the most visible also left forward in the uncomfortable position of having to answer questions about a sudden feud involving one of his bosses and one of his good friends. The interview was a Q. and A. in which talked about the state of the the criticism of his management of the and his relationship with But took exception with description of the group of friends who travel and work with him as his and Maverick his close friend and business both took offense at use of the word. Carter told he was bothered because of the idea that said it because and his friends are and he can use that said he had lost respect for as a result of the comments. see the success that we but then there is always someone that lets you know how far we still have to go as told reporters in believe that would have used that term if he was doing business with someone else and working with another team or if he was working with anybody in sports that was owning a team that and had a group of guys around them that agree with what they did. I think he would have called them a posse. But it just shows how far we have to go. But it stop us from doing what we need to do as a Carter and two other high school Rich and Randy founded Management Company a decade ago. The agency handles marketing and representation duties for and other players. The company has been successful since its positioning as one of the top of his generation. In the responding to a question about decision to leave the and whether he could imagine Magic leaving Pat and the or leaving and the turned his response back around to was playing with the they went to and he wanted to spend the told do overnights. Teams just So now a reference to the Heat to text and do I do in this And who has are on the you are with this You hold up the whole team because you and your mom and your posse want to spend an extra night in did not respond to remarks he left practice without speaking to members of the news media and did not respond to an email. While posse is defined as a group of friends or a professor of and studies at said he could understand why took offense. The cultural definition of the word has shifted toward defining drug cartels in cultural the group of that surround a celebrity. talking about is a rhetorical and one of the things interesting about rhetoric is sort of the study of who can say what to whom and under what conditions or can say what whom and under what said. word in and of itself is never neutral. It never means the same in all And when the word is used as by instead of in a private its connotation said. you have an official or executive that uses that language that makes its way into mainstream it has a different he added. shifts depending on With it left a close friend of to answer questions about the subject. agreed that he considered a loaded and he said that he would not want his group of friends or family to be referred that way. But declined to ascribe any assumptions or intent to I think he meant it any kind of said. really know. I think he did. I would hope that he just says things and he says the first thing that comes to mind and then probably is in his office right now regretting it. I know. When it comes to you just never know going to be coming out. It depends on listening. People take it the right way or people take it the wrong way. You just never know when it comes to just understand him talking about right in I understand
The steak and eggs had just been served at Chuck Wagon in the suburbs of when the discussion turned to gonna steal the said a nurse in a Women for think all seen that on the were nods and murmurs of agreement from the assembled Republican was not so much a campaign to elect Trump it was an in to the foundations of should be declared the can get out the vote as much as we but if they recalibrate that voting like forget she was three months the first of dozens of times I would hear similar complaints as I traveled the country with my colleague Tom filming the Anywhere But a trip to eight mostly battleground states. Trump has fueled talk of a rigged election in the final weeks of the but the loss of faith in political system has been brewing for years and bestrides both sides of the political system. Recently a Sanders supporter cornered me in a in to explain how she believed voting machines controlled by Dick awarded an additional 3 million votes in the Democratic a single theme to emerge from my encounters in states as varied as and it is abject a feeling everywhere that the country has been deprived of a serious election. Twitter women stand divided over Trump and on eve of of a conventional voters feel they have witnessed a political an outlandish plot consisting of a Republican who is a former reality and unmasked as a sexual and a Democrat courtesy of an cannot shake the shadow of an is not politics it is entertainment. The tragedy is that while has been this many have failed to notice how this election has shifted the ground beneath their meets unrealistic are few places where the political landscape is turning to quicksand as quickly as the poorest county in West forlorn place dotted with shuttered and abandoned was once a Democratic heartland but is quickly shifting allegiance won there in but Mitt took it by a wide margin in it was the county in which Trump won his highest percentage of primary votes. There are more than 3,000 counties in the US none voted for Trump as overwhelmingly as where he secured of the can it be that a billionaire who flies around in a private jet is most popular in a place where more than half the population lives off donations from a food Twitter Why the poorest county in West has faith in reason is that there is hope in his promise dismissed by energy experts as unrealistic to revive a industry that is no longer profitable. going to put the miners back to he promised 12,000 people at a rally in West days before the primary. going to get those mines the roots of popularity in places such as this precede his they have been decades in the in have lost faith in their which has run the local government their entire lives and controlled the White House for most of the past our own said Martin the local a Democrat who will vote for Trump. keep voting for people that never come to assist our own fault. You keep voting for people that never come to assist sheriff in West combined presidencies of Bill and have done little to arrest soaring inequality in and some would argue both presidents accelerated situation in by almost every has gotten progressively worse throughout that period. Life expectancy the starkest of all has declined continually since 1981. The high rate of suicide and the impact of the opioid epidemic have combined to put rates of mortality on par with of us are that blind to think that Trump is going to save all of said a who switched from Democrat to Republican eight years ago. at least some added of think more for the working person than decline hits the is evidence of Democrats fleeing to Trump this election in other pockets of the industrial rust including battleground states such as and New still looks poised to win those all of which won in 2008 and 2012. But even if Trump loses these his candidacy has peeled back the bandage to reveal Democratic heartlands reeling from industrial decline. Twitter Generation the battle to win millennial might reassure themselves that populist candidacy will not be easily repeated that no conventional Republican will abandon as the real estate mogul has to embrace protectionist trade appeal in parts of the country where manufacturing jobs have been outsourced overseas is not always connected to his specific opposition to the Partnership or denunciation of currency manipulation. Many voters just seem to appreciate his acknowledgment that towns and cities that were once booming are now in understand trade said who has been working with the United Steelworkers to stem the exodus of Democratic voters around an city surrounded by crumbling they do understand is that they used to work at a place that paid them a and now working two jobs to make a is one of the states that Trump does look likely to in part through his appeal in places such as to voters without a college degree who previously identified as Democrats. Twitter trade and economic decay is dividing Democrats used to call myself and others robot said a union worker and Democrat voting Republican for the first time in his life. the definition of he said of his previous party loyalty. keep putting the same people in the same job and expect a different met at a Republican picnic in known as ground zero for these crossover voters. But he was not drawn to economic message so much as his muscular military rhetoric and his appeal. In barely anyone mentioned the industrial which was most acute in the I heard people complain that illegal immigration is out of law and order is unraveling in the inner cities and government assistance is creating a is often a racial connotation to all of these one that Trump has sometimes but more often than not through an ugly brand of politics that has stoked racial tensions. Twitter How could defeat the gun surfaced during my interview with local campaign who was forced to resign when we broadcast her black and you been successful in the last 50 your own Miller said. had all the advantages and take advantage of it. not our think there was any racism until got she added. never had problems like backlash could affect the years after the election of the first black some have framed rise as some sort of by a silent majority of mostly white men who resent their fading political could be some merit to that but there seems to me an equal if not greater counterweight from the many people who feel offended and even threatened by the Republican of is not in and its increasingly diverse population creates a advantage to any Democrat seeking the White House. Twitter Can win in Never Trump challenge for was always going to be reconvening the broad coalition of voters and minorities that twice helped elect hamstrung by especially over her use of a private email server for government has struggled to articulate a positive vision of the future that could inspire these conversations I have had in churches and county fairs have made plain that while many voters see Trump as an almost comical their concerns with take a more somber has frequently been described to me as corrupt and the epitome of a rotten political establishment. seen neighborhoods across from the affluent suburbs of to sprawling where lawns are dotted with for yard where she said Bob who had one such sign outside his hunting lodge in the face of such greatest asset has turned out to be her the only major presidential candidate in modern history who has been more unpopular than extraordinary campaign has scrambled the winning unusual allies while giving many of the people I met a reason to was the woman in an restaurant who showed me a picture of her son who is partially deaf and has cerebral voice shook and her eyes welled with tears as she recounted the rage she felt watching Trump mocking a disabled person on not a violent she said. I just felt like strangling Twitter most segregated the young black voters of was the barber in a city reeling from a succession of police shootings of black offended by claim like him have to have a lot more to he shaking his head. there are the many people like a who has raised seven children in a mobile home on the outskirts of Las and has dedicated the past four months to electing the polls are it is people like her and women who are poised to support the Democratic nominee in record numbers this took a leave of absence from her job washing dishes at the casino to join army of ground operatives in after she heard the Republican nominee insult She said comments about women steeled her canvassing for six days a week in the desert heat. By election she will have knocked on 5,000 doors. this is said. feel very wounded. He stabbed me in my 
For a job at one of two major came with an unusual free beer for life. But the retirees have been cut off. In a memo to the which is owned by the beer giant said it would gradually turn off the beer tap over the next two years. been I since the breweries have been the president of the Service Employees International Union local that represents workers at brewery in said this week. He predicted that the loss of the bottomless keg would further undermine morale. certainly not the way it was in the when there was fanatical devotion to the brand and the said who is also chairman of the Brewery an alliance of unions. just a The controlling shareholders of a multinational company based in are a private equity and some of its executives. Starting with a took over breweries big and including in the United to become the biggest beer owner of brands including and Ultra. As with all of its began extensive cost cutting at which it acquired in including lower wages and reduced benefits. The end of beer for announced in late appears to be its most recent measure. a spokesman for said in an email that the company made the to cut off its retirees after looking at the retirement benefits offered by other breweries and consumer packaged goods companies. of the companies we surveyed offered free product to he said. Routine free beer for retirees was ended at other large several years ago. But a spokesman for the said it still provided beer to pensioners are hosting a special like a family How much free beer retirees can lug home each year depends on where they although it easily exceeds the 99 bottles of musical fame. At the plant in which slakes all of thirst for Blue and said retirees were getting about eight cases what sometimes call a a year. Current by get a free case every other week and bonus cases at apparently in lieu of a and for Day. Their free beer will continue as long as they are employees. Retirees in get a free case every week. In most of the the retirees are given gift cards which allow them to pick up their free beer at retail stores. Why free beer became an entrenched perk of brewery work is unclear. said its labor agreements did not require it to keep refrigerators filled. said the brewery in once included an pub where employees drank for free after their shifts ended. a said the program for retirees now being wound down was introduced during the In its letter announcing the cited the overall of retiree including health care. a bit said a retiree from who was involved in a lawsuit after cut health benefits. who was an executive vice president and general counsel at said the settlement of that lawsuit reduced the costs while lowering health benefits to former employees. said the end of free beer for life was not a surprise. But he is still disappointed. a loss to a class of former said means material to
As the administration confirms that premiums for some health plans under the Affordable Care Act will increase by an average of next families like the Marshes are just grateful to have health is covered by because of a but his was uninsured until the Affordable Care Act signature which has drastically reduced the number of uninsured in the stopped insurers denying coverage for medical and allowed children to remain on their policies until age but has faced criticism for the cost of premiums and deductibles went into effect. She is a teacher for their who has learning a health insurance said current coverage would cost more a month next year because of the premium increases. can live with a if people went out having beers or spend that real Marsh said. The experience challenges the narrative pushed by opponents this week after the administration confirmed on that marketplace health insurance premiums would on this year. the cusp of falling as insurers flee health exchanges Read over for said Trump at a rally in on The Republican presidential nominee has made premium increases a central piece of his campaign this week. killing our businesses. killing our small businesses. And killing he said on in But that conclusion overlooks subsidies and tax credits available to people who buy insurance on the marketplace. In for the premium increase is so steep that a could go from paying to a month for the most common health exchange according to the Kaiser Family Foundation when financial assistance is accounted that same premium rate increase could be With subsidies and tax of people who buy insurance on the marketplace would be able to find plans with a premium of less than a according to a Department of Health and Human Services report released this week. And up to 2.5 million people may be eligible for a subsidy but know according to an insurance navigator for Health said her clients were not concerned about the premium which is about in her according to I have not had negative feedback on the I am very sure that is because so small in our state and the offset of the tax said in an email. She said that while the state has some of the most expensive insurance in the it receives money that helps reduce consumer costs. For one man who lost his job came to her concerned about the price of his Cobra a health insurance option that lets people who have lost their jobs continue to use the same coverage that their employer offered. But ended up finding him a marketplace plan that cost less than half as much as the one he had while with a lower deductible and prescription drug costs. But not everyone qualifies for financial assistance that can bring the premium rate down. concern is that some of the people who are higher but are not high will be hit hardest by this said associate director at a maintenance supervisor in makes just over the limit to qualify for a subsidy. told Money that the cheapest policies she could find amount to more than a quarter of her yearly or double her mortgage. know how they think anyone can afford she said. That is why some people are choosing instead to pay the tax penalty handed down to people who choose to be uninsured. For the first year that people were required to have tax returns included penalties for not having coverage in according to the New Times. A preliminary report for 2015 said that returns included penalties. At the same people like Marsh who use the marketplaces are getting health insurance they would not have without Nearly half of adults in marketplace plans were uninsured before getting the new according to an 2016 survey from the Commonwealth Fund. And a New Times analysis showed that brought increases in coverage for people who have been traditionally left behind by the health care system. seen in the last couple is that they are going up Jerry Marsh said. type of thinking is what will hurt some personal 
Want to become a government but worried that your profound lack of technological nous will hold you Fear no Next as part of a national the government will push hopefuls with no background in technology through an intensive By the end of the it hopes to find 50 individuals to protect our nation from you one of those a quiz to test your flair for your maiden Smith Hang are you trying to log in to my bank What do you do if someone throws you a sheep on Call the Throw it back Poke them Throw them a What is What does the Happiness Fright Awkwardness What the hell does this have to do with Why do people cover their laptop with Because they broke it So they accidentally record themselves masturbating a Do they really do people are paranoid What did you do during the my conscience is clear to my wife Changed my just in case Why should you never take nude photos on your Because creepy Because your genitals are misshapen and embarrassing Because you might accidentally email them to your mum Because the will put them on the received a text message asking you to log in to and confirm your details. What do you Log in and confirm my details not an but log in anyway a text Email my granddaughter and ask her what supposed to do Why is your computer Because I bought it in 2002 Because all these porn keep blocking my desktop a Because the have hacked me Your infrastructure has been hit by an five attack vectors. What do you Unplug my computer and run away Is that an an Oh come you just copied and pasted this from you Are you sure you want to give me your maiden I told Smith Are you my Have you forgotten your anniversary sure. the number on the back of my credit card is 402 if any help stop Do you like the show Not really. Its twists are too predictable Not really. There enough sexy girls in it a This is how recruiting By asking them how much they like a show about a This whole idea seems unbelievably you know Do you like the idea of becoming a government Sure Does it pay a Are you No You your friends Share on Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on Share on Share on Share on Share on Messenger Close Submit security and 
An oil executive accused of impersonating Musk in an email in an attempt to solicit company secrets from wants the lawsuit thrown out because he says his impersonation was the former chief financial officer of Quest which provides services to oil and gas companies such as Chevron and Shell. In filed a lawsuit against claiming he set up the email address to impersonate the and then used it to try and extract sensitive information from chief financial officer Wheeler. According to the sent an email from the account to Wheeler on 3 August 2016 requesting more detailed information about financial results that were released on the same day. you so cautious w gm guidance on also what are your thoughts on disclosing from what is your best guess as to where we actually come in on deliverables. honest no 4 hard work prepping 4 did not respond and instead launched an investigation to find out who was behind the eventually tracing the address to and his subsequently resigned from his position. Musk declares on Twitter that he has a top secret Read filed an objection to lawsuit arguing that the reaction has been and alleging that hacked into his Twitter in order to identify him. The filing does not quibble that sent the email but argues that who received this preposterous and grammatically deficient email ever believed it really came from and as a result there was no credible impersonation and no direct injury to is clear that the email allegedly received by Wheeler on August 2016 was grammatically deficient communication that was not a impersonation of Musk in any says the filed in the superior of the reasons given for the lack of credibility include the use of a Yahoo email account and the syntax of the that bears no similarity to that of Musk is known to be a stickler for grammar and who would never use such atrocious goes onto suggest that lawsuit is a attempt to intimidate and silence a the same has filed a against for allegedly hacking into a Twitter account that he uses to criticize business practices. The complaint alleges that as part of investigation the company accessed the account causing to suffer damages loss of earnings and damage to In a a spokeswoman oil executive is perfectly capable of embarrassing himself with no help from We did not even know that the Twitter pseudonym in question belonged to we are most interested in discovering is what people or organizations collaborated with in his attempt to gain information illegally from and who or what companies may have paid him to do so. That is of great concern to us and many members of the 
embattled transport minister has to passengers who have had bad experience on our while insisting had learned lessons as he made an emergency statement to hours after commuters faced severe disruption because of a damaged overhead power the minister for transport and the has come under increasing pressure in recent months as a of overcrowding and disruption caused by major works from the franchise has caused chaos across the an emergency statement on was accused by critics of trying to avoid scrutiny while political attention was focused on the autumn statement in Twitter was accused of being out of touch. considered a rising star of had been mocked as out of touch after claiming earlier this week that were not experiencing a poor service in comparison with the rest of the while train union last week called for him to be minister was then accused of trying to deflect attention from his own performance by announcing during a television interview on that he planned to invite unions and other political parties to talks on setting up a public sector train told that while he did not intend to underplay the slide in service overall performance for the last year since Dutch firm took over the franchise had been higher than the current average of told actions we are taking and the transformation we have planned underlines this commitment to improving the service received. That is why I instructed an improvement was ordered to produce a performance improvement plan in after punctuality and reliability fell below expected standards. took over the franchise last year on a contract that includes a break clause that has said he would consider invoking. have accelerated to upgrade key track and for example at central station. This points and circuits are being renewed at and while is being spent to improve fleet is that is from we have introduced more services to and from and are details to provide more carriages on service on the Borders minister added that he stood by his invitation to discuss a bid for the franchise at a later he faced further criticism as he set out a series of actions and including 200 extra carriages by 2019 and 70 new electric trains from 2017 on the main none of which amounted to new announcements or involved fresh funding. transport had lots of promises to make about the future but very little to say about what action he was taking to deliver a better service for passengers now. What the minister announced today will do little to placate passengers facing a miserable commute this side of Calling on the minister to publish his improvement plan in full and make a commitment to when services would get facts are that demanded an improvement plan and then services have become worse. His handling of the rail crisis has seen him fall out with Network Rail and the transport also hit back at suggestions that it was profiting from poor services. It made public an email it had sent to which of that money has been reinvested in the so you will understand our frustration that this fact is occasionally misrepresented. The notion that money is somehow being spirited to the is not true and we will robustly challenge any suggestion to the of told that the firm was dealing with a legacy of underinvestment and attempting to keep people moving at the same time. He believe it is unrealistic to expect the scale of infrastructure investment and to be undertaken largest of its kind since with little or no disruption to the National party 
is antipathy to exists within the multiple bureau sources have told the spurring a rapid series of leaks damaging to her campaign just days before the election. Current and former officials described a chaotic internal climate that resulted from outrage over director decision not to recommend an indictment over private email server. One currently serving agent said is personified to a large swath of The agent called the bureau is atmosphere spurred sources Republican voter suppression plans Mass purging of black Democrats from voter rolls and low early voting turnout is raising fresh concerns for On a recent swing through North drew attention to Grace Bell a black woman whose voter registration was challenged in her home of County in what officials called an effort to the voting rolls. Of the list of 138 purged voters that included 92 were black and registered Democrats. happen by said. was a time when systematically denying black folks the right to vote was considered normal as North and is the Trump voter suppression plan election are only four days to go before the US presidential election on 8 What are the latest polls What effect is the bombshell How is early voting the latest from and why is so Most outlets continue to predict victory for but various models differ greatly in the certainty they award that and various polling averages disagree on the margin. US election what you need to know before voting or Trump Twitter women stand divided over Trump and on eve of billionaires pour money into Republicans may have initially balked at but billionaires are leaving the sidelines in the last week of the election to dump cash directly into crucial counties and swing states. Hedge fund billionaire Super Make Number has suddenly flooded the station in with worth of ads. But the funded Priorities is also pouring money into last minute ad buys. billionaires pour money into bid for swing states vanquisher of businesswoman at the of the legal challenge to ensure the parliament is consulted before May triggers exit from the Union has said the landmark case was motivated by her fear that the faced a Miller says she knew the ruling would leave her unpopular with many referendum but believed that the had failed itself and the rest of by voting to leave the bloc rather than reform it from Miller on her legal had to be State faces fine over sex assault Department of Education is poised to exact a record fine to State University for its mishandling of sexual assault incidents that include the child sex abuse crimes committed by Jerry The proposed fine was immediately hailed by advocates as a warning shot to other colleges. signals a significant change in how seriously the department is taking its enforcement said S a longtime campus safety advocate. State faces fine for handling of Jerry case and other one year optimistic prime minister has charmed and the during his first year in office. Now the challenge is to prove a change maker. Details must be hashed out on the plans to recreational reform the electoral system and meet its emission targets. After a year of vague promises to strike a balance between environmental a limping economy and a fraught relationship with Indigenous government will be forced to put these pledges to the test in imminent decisions on several massive energy year of has been a but will it Guardian is an independent voice in this means no bias or corporate owner influencing our coverage. But political reporting takes a lot of money and hard work to produce. If everyone who reads our coverage helps to pay for our future will be more secure. Support the Guardian with a monthly or a not about rates rises about warns nowadays are fixated on how high the US Federal Reserve will raise interest rates in the next 12 months. This is dangerously the real concern ought to be how far it could cut rates in the next deep writes professor of economics and public policy at University. Given that the Fed may struggle just to get its base interest rate up to over the coming there will be very little room to cut if a recession will have little room to cut interest rates if recession rise of the political sometimes pithy and often puerile units of culture have emerged as the lingua of the 2016 and have given the people an entirely new way of articulating their beliefs. top tweet is a taco bowl became one. Through was as the Zodiac killer. limp plea for applause got him Vined into oblivion. Sanders shared a moment with a bird. can be or they can be dumb. how the power of mass replication has poisoned the US to foil facial recognition software team of researchers from University have created sets of eyeglasses that can prevent wearers from being identified by facial recognition or even fool the technology into identifying them as completely unrelated individuals. Researchers found by picking a pair of with relatively large rims and printing a pattern over those frames then had the effect of manipulating the image and making the wearers face to beat facial Get some funky tortoiseshell case you missed has come to define the current climate throughout the world of country a genre that has historically aligned with the Republican party for the past In 2016 that allegiance feels as flimsy as but a wide range of factors have made the 2016 election a taboo topic of conversation in country music industry. seems to be wanting to talk about but no public says songwriter Bobby music has become why have acts kept quiet on the US 
The latest furore over alleged misuse of private emails when she was secretary of state in 2009-2013 has thrown a tumultuous and unedifying US presidential election into even greater with little more than a week to go before voting unexpected and very public revelation that it is recommencing its investigation into conduct may not be politically but its timing certainly makes it appear that way. The row represents yet another hammer blow to a democratic process whose credibility has been repeatedly principally by the unscrupulous Republican this new stoked by Republicans and it remains likely that voters will deliver a possibly rejection of Trump on 8 Although opinion polls show the race tightening nationally and nothing is certain as a febrile campaign is ahead almost everywhere that matters and she is the sane and if choice. A Trump defeat will be richly deserved. As we have noted he is not a fit and proper person to serve in the White House. His during a raucous and often embarrassingly vulgar campaign made that abundantly consigning to the rubbish bin of electoral history is easier than getting rid of This is likely to take a lot longer. platform was based not on policies and careful analysis but on ignorance and spiced with opportunism. His unexpected success in winning the despite the Republican reflected his close identification with mainly and voters like feel undervalued and alienated. While public figures such as failed Republican rival Bush and appear to this constituency to be out of touch and peddles the delusion that the candidate is their Again and in and disaffected voters claimed that only Trump could be trusted to tell the only Trump would keep his only Trump could make great to history or projects a distorted vision of greatness. The Trump doctrine decrees that a nation built by that became the most powerful on Earth is so scared of migrant and refugee hordes that it must build a wall with holds that a great nation that incorporated religious tolerance into its groundbreaking constitution and bill of rights must now shatter its own principles and deliberately discriminate against to keep itself general makes an enemy of the equates nationality with calls honest critics liars and seeks to jail or harm opponents. It says individualism outweighs state as in the unfettered right to bear but in the case of a right to choose abortion. distrusts and fears foreigners. It believes free international treaties and economic in general are loaded dice intended to rip off Paranoid holds that allies such as and Japan get a free security ride at admires the domestic authoritarianism and international bullying of dictatorships in and China. is a strong leader standing up for his national beliefs and way of life. Any inconvenient truth that contradicts this or other narratives is inherently part of a web of lies and falsehoods spun by the treacherous mass media conspiring with the establishment to dupe honest citizens. And cannot be fairly defeated. If it it was cheated for appeals to the worst in cynically exploiting and fanning the grievances and prejudices of the economically the uneducated and plain ignorant. It appeals to base to lowest common denominators. Its is political dumbing down writ large. It is underpinned by a pervasive and comprehensible engendered across the west by economic injustice and social the growing gulf between rich and poor and unfeeling or corrupt is the common but fear is friend. This phenomenon is not confined to including experience variations on the theme. In and concern about rising immigration has boosted nationalists whose appeal and disturbing ideology extend far beyond the cathartic issue of In and ideas about migrants and foreigners in general have become a commonplace of political discussion. In provides a noisy for some of most chauvinistic and discriminatory is indeed a transnational it would be wise to look for a common remedy. But the symptoms must be accurately diagnosed and its effects should not be exaggerated. Much of the political turbulence and iconoclasm witnessed of late in and is the direct result of negative economic fallout from the 2008 financial crash. Hard austerity high unemployment and low wages are the manure in which political aberration takes root. But as history they yet lead to disaster. When economies generally so too does the quality of political discourse. Ensuring all people benefit equally from such an improvement is the one certain antidote to extreme protest movements share characteristics and it is also evident that they are not all the same as each other. is an infection others can yet it is also unique to Before panicking about the advance of the far right and far left in commentators in and elsewhere should remember when all is said and mainstream politicians such as and on the get elected or Notwithstanding epic the does mostly than anything will fade and fail it is a minority pandering to which runs against the grain and spirit of the notwithstanding. decries the impact of yet for all the dislocation and often unwelcome change it is the inescapable way ahead for a more more connected and more mutually responsible and caring good or this clock cannot be turned back. Closed borders and closed crude trade racial and sexual discrimination these are old mistakes and old hatreds while still in evidence belong to times past. The world is moving not back. In the and all its ghastly dwelling in fear and like Trump be elections 
Just a week to go. As I write this on the latest edition of Guardian Weekly is being printed at press sites on three Democratic presidential candidate is embroiled in another email and there are seven days left until the conclusion of one of the most fraught electoral campaigns I have ever is our last edition to feature the race for the White House. Our printing deadlines and complex delivery network to some 170 countries mean delaying the even for such important is extremely difficult. The edition that will be with you this week opens with Comment on the presidential captures the latest and considers the global print edition after this which will be dated 11 will have no US elections results. But our digital edition will. The day after ballots are cast and the result is your Weekly team will produce known in newsroom lingo as an a special edition outside the regular publishing schedule. It will be in form. find further information on our letters page. And write in more detail next continued apace as you would expect. In South President Park finds herself embroiled in a political crisis that involves her close relationship with a woman accused of wielding undue influence at the heart of the refugee camp known as the Jungle was demolished. Many residents found solace in relocation in rural But aid agencies were scathing as hundreds of vulnerable children were left without in the leaders asked tough questions as a national and a new name failed to win lead the edition with Comment on the front page. A very strong offering continues in the usual takes on and Nick contends that Prime Minister May told lies to get the and that lying now. And sings the praises of chess and who has claimed a record for uninterrupted writing of his chess Review features one of the fine long read profiling the mayor of and his mission to inspire change in a violent and deeply troubled city. I wish him more great reading on our Discovery spread as international delegates strike a landmark agreement to create the largest marine park in the Southern including Sea. It is a treat to publish this upbeat book reviews explore how masked its colonial crimes. Culture reviews an exhibition focused on atomic testing in which is found to be but somewhat incoherent. Notes asks how to middle age. Please do send along your answers to or just click editing back page is one of the pleasures of the job. Some readers say they start reading from the Finding just the right which sets the right pace and takes care. One of my Guardian claims this prize arguing for empathy and aiming for hope in a troubled elections to environment to I hope you find reasons to be hopeful in this edition. You can email me your reactions and observations on the editorial content by clicking here. Thank you for Guardian 
immigration department has been the release of documents about asylum seekers at in its offshore detention on according to a internal suggesting it has been deliberately breaching freedom of information an email sent by accident to Guardian an official at the Department of Immigration and Border says there are to the apparent policy and asks for it to be immigration Nick said the emails showed the department had shadow immigration said it showed the immigration Peter was mismanaging his official plan for lifetime ban on refugees who travel by sea Read department said the email was sent by the immigration freedom of information asks two other We note that our cases summary incident health data set and several continue to be hold pending confirmation from you about when we can proceed to you able to please give us an of when you consider we will be able to are some risks associated with not proceeding these than freezing the processing of these cases for several more weeks or we might be better off releasing the documents with the information fully exempted under grounds of international relations. This is something want to discuss with given the concerns previously expressed about such an freedom of information strict are set out for processing requests for and there is evidence that the department has exceeded the for processing a number of requests made by Guardian Guardian request for data on has been delayed for processing since this year. In another a request for the child protection panel report on has also been delayed. A freedom of information officer previously said the department has committed to releasing it by the end of The secretary of the has been in possession of the report for several has been renewed focus on the asylum seekers and refugees held on by after the publication of the which detailed thousands of incident reports from the detention facility until Senate inquiry is under way into serious allegations of abuse and assault on and the department is facing increasing pressure to release information about incident reports it as well as for information for asylum seekers and refugees on the can't agree on which refugees lifetime ban will affect Read and urged information Timothy to examine the immigration said had been in the might not like what he finds in these files but that give him the right to withhold the information from the said. sure the information commissioner will take a keen interest in any evidence that suggests a deliberate strategy by the government to withhold information from the said the email showed what appeared to be a of freedom of information email is an extraordinary admission of the culture of secrecy and obfuscation of people trying to find out the he said. many the department has gone rogue and it is long past time for the government to bring it to reasons for secrecy are clear their policies have failed in financial and logistical and they simply want people finding that immigration unit has a fraught relationship with the rest of the department. powers have been stripped from many of its officers and are now made by other officials. As a the unit often have the power to see the processing of requests spokesman from the Department of Immigration and Border Protection has been no freeze of requests in relation to the email you reference reflected a misunderstanding of the process and was an internal communication seeking advice in relation to specific ongoing response did not address whether it accepted it had breached freedom of information did not respond to requests for manager of the freedom of information denied there was a deliberate freeze and said there had been a in the a freeze and a told Guardian no freeze on the processing of requests. Requests are dealt with on a case by case The office of the information commissioner has the power to investigate the handling of freedom of information requests. It also has sweeping investigative powers and can conduct own motion investigations into the actions of government immigration department has faced several investigations into the handling of information requests. The office conducted an investigation that identified a range of serious flaws in 2012. A separate internal review commissioned by the department and undertaken by also found there was a lack of efficient management of by the a mild outbreak of humanity be behind the Coalition's cynical new asylum Read spokeswoman for the Office of the Information Commissioner information commissioner expects government agencies bound by the Freedom of Information Act 1982 to meet the statutory in relation to processing the act allows for extensions of time in certain the commissioner would expect those extensions are only requested when there is a substantive reason. Where we receive requests by agencies for extensions we review them in relation to the specific the last 12 months we have received a small number of extension of time requests from the Department of Immigration and Border Protection. Not all have been granted. commissioner monitors processing within government agencies and will conduct investigations when immigration and 
Q. A. Many mail services including and give you the option of downloading your messages to the computer through a email instead of only keeping them Some people prefer this because it keeps copies of the messages locally on the computer for archiving. Doing this makes the downloaded mailbox contents accessible without an too. For mail services with storage downloading the messages to the computer also helps free up space Some people prefer using desktop programs to more easily manage mail accounts from multiple services or to avoid the advertisements that are the price paid for using a service. Downloading messages from a service takes a bit of although the Windows and Mac operating systems have simplified it by allowing you to select a popular mail service from a list and enter your user name and password to add it to the mail program. You usually have to enable message downloads to a program in the account settings of your email service. Keeping your mail has its especially if you check the account from multiple computers and devices. Storing your mail also means it is backed up. Depending on the mail service you you may get better filtering through the web version. has also added several useful tools to its like instant translation from other languages or messages bundled into topics Shopping or with its by service.
This election has forced to take notice of class divisions between workers. And while these divisions may at first ring of lazy stereotypes the rural Rust Belt worker without a college degree and the coastal urban worker rooted in a real dynamic. Many of the most skilled workers young people with college degrees are leaving struggling regions of for specifically for cities in Southern and coastal states. There are clear economic reasons for their choice. Dense metro areas tend to produce more jobs and make workers more productive. for all kinds of are also higher. In these incentives should prompt workers of all levels of education to move to metro areas. But moving outside region is relatively rare these and even more rare for someone without a college degree. Moving is actually quite uncommon in advanced economies. The United States has been one of the exceptions. It has one of the highest rates of internal migration among advanced and it has since at least the middle of the 19th century. A study comparing thousands of and census records between 1850 and 1880 showed that nearly of men moved across county while only a quarter of men did. For first internal migration was largely driven by farming moving west to new land. But toward the end of the 19th and in the early 20th migration began to be driven by people moving to cities small and large. This pattern added a twist after World War when more people began moving outside their local particularly to the Before the roughly 15 percent of lived outside a census division in which they were and by 1970 that had jumped to 25 percent. But in the people started moving less. Internal migration has been in gradual decline ever since across all demographic groups. In the 3 percent of men moved across state lines each over the last decade that figure has dropped to 1.7 percent. The decline is similar for women. Between 2001 and the demographic groups with the lowest rate of interstate migration were people with less than a high school diploma or nothing beyond a high school diploma Migration rates for people were roughly twice that. In the regional competition for the most skilled and most mobile workers in many states are at a disadvantage. Although they have some large they tend to be farther from other large cities than is the case in the coastal areas. The economists and Strange looked at the benefits of density and found that they tend to dissipate over distances greater than five miles. This advantage provided by clusters of cities is helpful for coastal which tend to contain many big metro like and in or the corridor stretching from to But it can be bad news for inland areas with one or two large cities that are farther and or and The flows of young college graduates out of a state can often be replaced by flows of young college graduates moving in. The problem that many interior states face is that young college graduates moving into the state keeping up with those that are leaving. of talented young people all over the country are eager to see new sights what is and a problem for is that we have an unusually low rate of said a regional economist at State in an email. Keeping young college graduates would help alleviate the effects of and technological change on these local economies. not surprising that many states with net losses in their young and populations also showed some big gains for J. Trump relative to Mitt performance in 2012. The map shows the total net migration figures for those with a college degree under 40 between 2000 and 2015. who grew up in one went to college in another and then moved somewhere else are counted as migrating from the state where they attended Rust Belt and states like and and Plains states like South and have seen the largest net losses in people. The places that are gaining college graduates tend to be coastal and Southern states like and South Two exceptions to this trend are New and states that also produce a large number of college graduates to begin with winters and a high cost of living could be One reason that inland states have a reasonable case for disappointment at not keeping their young college helping to pay to educate them. A majority of college graduates get their degrees from public which are partly funded by state governments. Of course this diminish the other important benefits that public universities bring to each but if states are losing more college graduates than they are holding or bringing effectively subsidizing other skilled labor forces. Cities in these states do have some advantages. The cost of living is mostly because housing is cheaper. Outdoor recreation is often more accessible. these areas are in a Without jobs to luring young people is hard. At the same hard to create jobs without a labor force. To not clear that one policy proposal exists that could the process. really is a he said. think anybody out there that thinks some easy In the days when cities competed for advertising low wages and reliable utilities was often enough to draw businesses. pins his hopes of attracting more workers to on efforts to market cultural amenities and natural beauty. He points to the Grand Rapids an arts festival that awards half a million dollars to as something that has brought some cultural cachet to that second largest. not all about said. got to have it be a place where people want to
Air compressors on 13 Dreamworld including the rapids were deemed fit for in an inspection four years according to documents released by workplace death of four people on afternoon on the Thunder River Rapids ride has sparked an immediate investigation and an inquiry by Workplace Health and Safety has also raised questions about maintenance of rides throughout the theme park. Late on a spokeswoman for public relations company said a complete safety audit had been undertaken for the Rapids ride on 26 the secretary of the said there had been concerns raised over the past 18 months about maintenance at the tragedy what we know so far Read told Guardian that there had been a number of operational and maintenance issues raised about rides at Dreamworld a very general point of series of documents obtained by the in 2015 and released by the Office of Industrial Relations on set out a number of some of which sparked inspections at the 2012 an inspector for Inspection Ltd examined on 13 rides. Air receivers are part of air compression systems that help to store compressed air. These types of systems can be used on amusement rides to propel rides along at for instance as part of a published by Safe Work said they can and cause serious injuries or death if they are not adequately inspected and or if they have been operated above the design an email to Workplace Health and Safety he issued corrective actions for all of the vessels examined and declared all of the vessels not fit for including the requirement for registration of the plant with Workplace Health and said engineer had told him they were exempt from registration requirements because they were part of the amusement engineering department at Dreamworld did not produce any evidence of having a quality management system in place or any previous vessel inspection company declined to correspond with the inspector any according to the email. The inspector wrote to the workplace leaves me with no option but to request your mediation to resolve the outstanding corrective actions to assist in closing out my workplace regulator allocated an inspector to the who said the state government had determined it want to on for the air compressors and that 13 separate ones were not required for the rides. It is unclear what action the regulator required for the other issues for two children on fatal theme park ride Read documents also reveal that the owner of Ardent Leisure challenged the disclosure of the documents to the The case went on appeal to the information who rejected the arguments put forward by owner and said access not be refused to any of the information in another complaint in 2012 an anonymous author lodged a written complaint with the regulator that rides and water slides are in dire need of rust visible and falling into pools and major chips on is used to cover stickers out of date at a media statement supplied through PR company from Safety Specialists under the leadership of the has demonstrated a commitment to developing and maintaining a strong safety culture across all departments. audits have resulted in continuous improvement in the management of safety. A number of consultancy visits to assist in the implementation have been undertaken and have included regular training programs with the senior leadership team which have kept them abreast of legislative requirements and trade 
A man was on a train in reading a novel set in Japan. The train slid past the bound for where the was headed. The year was 1989. The train was a bullet train. The man on the train was in a and the man in the novel he was reading was in a and as he read the it emerged that his quandary and the one in the novel were essentially the same. The man in the novel was a priest sent to Japan in the 17th century. He was there to minister to Catholics suffering under a brutal regime and also to find out what had happened to his a priest rumored to have renounced the faith under torture. The man on the train was Martin He was in Japan to play the part of van in a movie by another master filmmaker. He was also there to move past a brutal battle in culture wars over a picture of Last Temptation of The film had been pilloried by conservative for a dream sequence in which has sex with In depicting life as a struggle between his human and divine had intended to make a film that was at once an act of doubt and an act of faith. In the novel he was the priest was shown profaning an image of and yet the act was an act of faith. The train slid past the mountains. turned the pages. This novel spoke to him. All at once he saw it as a picture he would like to make. The novel was by a convert steeped in literature and the history of Catholicism in Japan. Published in Japan in sold 800,000 a huge number in that country. was called Graham and was considered for the Prize. referred to as of the finest novels of our The missionary brought Catholicism to Japan in 1549. In the next it was suppressed through the torture of missionaries and their who were forced to apostatize by stepping on the a piece of copper impressed with an image of In took the point of casting much of the novel in the form of letters by reporting back to his superior. He goes to Japan with another young vowing to seek the truth about their Father but they are captured and shown the reality of human suffering under torture. The shogunate invites the converts to avoid torture by stepping on the . Many some are tortured anyway. sees converts burned drowned. A magistrate fluent in makes a grim can save the lives of the converts under torture if only he will step on the and apostatize. When returned from he procured the film rights to As the years hardly a day went by without his mentioning the project to the people around friends and even his old parish Father As he made and and he insisted that was the picture he really wanted to make. A was elected terrorists began targeting in the Middle East. In with Wolf of Wall a declared that would be his next He commit to another until it was finished. years filming began. What led this great artist to make a story of missionaries in Japan his ultimate passion He is known for his gangster he is a grandmaster of the profane. From the he has revealed himself to be an artist of intensely Catholic and the poisoned arrow of religious conflict runs straight through his career. a vet as a spiritual bent on cleansing the city of filth through violence. a tattooed fundamentalist determined to exact justice. a young man raised to be a spiritual thrust up against communism. Even in the Material documentary about takes as its theme the conflict between flesh and between and seeker. is a novel for our It in the missionary so many of the religious matters that vex us in the present the claims to universal truths in diverse the conflict between a profession of faith and the expression of and the seeming silence of God while believers are drawn into violence on his behalf. As material for is and yet commitment to it has been even by his exacting standards. To understand that I spoke with the with members of the cast and the production team and with others who know the novel well trying to grasp just what kind of an act of faith this film is. know if but there is such a thing as trying to get it said to in the New voice familiar from the cameos in his movies. how do you do The right way to live has to do with selflessness. I believe that. But how does one act that I think you practice it consciously. It has to be something that develops in you maybe through a lot of He had invited me to his East Side townhouse at 9 having spent a full day editing in Midtown. The living is decorated with a vintage movie posters for Jean Grand and photographs of his wife and daughter. He is compact and with tremendous life in his eyes and a youthful ardor that seems to have its source in reverence for his elders like the Polish filmmaker who had signed a storyboard that unhooked from the wall to show me. We took and he began to talk. As the hours the already seemed to diminish around until it resembled a screening or a a place where questions of how to live are posed through stories and images. goes back to what Father was telling me the last time I saw a couple of years he said. doing something that is morally that is a great sin many people will never come back from that. But the way would be to get up and try again. Maybe not but you get yourself into a situation where you can make another choice. And the situation is he can choose to save the lives of others by renouncing his the act he considers most reprehensible of all. no less than informal New trilogy is rooted in his childhood. As a boy in Little he wanted to be a missionary. His parents were not in part because their parents had felt the heavy hand in but for him the church a malign force in so many stories was a portal to the world beyond family and neighborhood. trusted the because it made what they what they he said. understood that another way to outside the tough world I grew up The pointed to the wider world. His a presser in the garment make much but always had enough money to take him to the movies. A local station broadcast films on nights. He grew up watching the crucial works of many of them with a strong Catholic dimension like Open in which a priest is executed for cooperating with the Resistance. The Catholicism of the area was centered on street processions devoted to saints brought over from the old for the on for the on Mulberry Street. I was it was already dying told me. It hooked him even so. The vaulted interior of St. Old Cathedral on Street was a sharp contrast to the small the Mass a formal counterpoint to their mealtime banter. think I move and I think it has something to do with the medication I was given for said. affected the way I the way I think. I needed to pull back. Film did that for and so did the church. They slowed me down. They allowed me to meditate. They gave me a different sense of a young priest assigned to the brought faith and film together. was the one who opened up things for recalled. have to live this way. You have to follow in this cultural cycle. You have to get married at had become an altar and each year would take the altar boys to a movie uptown the World in 80 Bridge on the River and sit talking about it with them afterward on the steps of the rectory on Mulberry Street. They went to the near Times Square to see the Gospel drama and then heard him put it down. detested sentimentality or religious said. so he meaning the thunder when mentions his name and the thunder in stereophonic sound. To this day I heard thunder as good as And yet at age 11 he conceived of the wish to do it take the biblical epic to another Faith and film offset the asthma that kept him out of sports and off the streets. he drew movie including a few years for a life of set it right in the he told the crucifixion taking place on the West Side piers and the involved. Can you see he had a seat for adult especially his dealings with a spendthrift uncle who seemed to take money from his father freely and with impunity to pay the loan shark. It was a pattern he knew from the Scripture passages read in church. keeper my he chortling with recognition. it goes beyond your brother. Are we responsible for other What is our when somebody does something that is so ... Do you really have to do it because a or or you made vows of What is the right thing to do for the other and for All of this carried through. I would see it acted out one way in and I would hear it another way from Father and a couple of priests at Cardinal Cardinal is a high school in the and after a year of minor seminary a tryout for the once a regular stop for bright Catholic boys of limited means went there. the was a few years Rejected by University because of poor enrolled at Square College and its film program. From he plunged into the a at the an expatriate in England and an assistant director at became an editor on the concert and then a maker of his own movies That Knocking at My about a young man in the suddenly liberated whose Catholic principles keep him out of bed with his and a film about a female than When he returned to Little in 1972 to make some of the young men in his generation were stepping into the underworld roles their fathers had occupied. Early in the an mobster played by talks about going to confession in the old cathedral. He wishes he could choose his own penance instead of having one assigned by the priest. He gets his in a It falls to him to look out for Johnny played by the lost boy of the a reckless gambler who puts them both in danger. becomes his keeper and eager to rise in the lets his friend dangle without reaching out to the powerful uncle who could save him. in The New struck a biblical talks a lot to Johnny Boy about friendship and does nothing. the It is striking to see the pattern show up at the other end of in As the two set out for they find a translator named in a seedy neighborhood and drag him into their mission. He resists. He drinks himself sick. He lies. He bemoans his fate. A he apostatized and was allowed to while the shogunate killed his brothers and sisters. decides that he is keeper and grimly bears up as apostatizes again and again and finally betrays him to the shogunate. But as is racked by the peasant becomes the a man whose faith is rooted in his recognition of his own weakness. Who is more the person who is strong in faith or the one who is who is the told me. says in the is the place for a weak person in the world Why I born when there any I would have been a great For half a has been a missionary for the making his own promoting the work of great international consolidating the history of the medium in a brilliant group of documentaries and advocating for the preservation of classics. Over this picture of his about a missionary adventure became a mission in its own and the act of getting it made became an act of faith. knew he had this script and was terribly disappointed that he get it who produced and told me. I What a sad state is in when Martin with all his with all the honors get a movie There began an intense collective effort guided by the to make the project materialize. worked through dozens of legal disputes attached to the project. a secured new and in 2013 and some associates went to and returned with million in distribution commitments. think ever done that told for this picture he has done a lot of things he done He would direct the picture without a fee. All the principal actors have pedigrees but would work for Screen Actors Guild or for greatly reduced fees called Paramount Pictures signed on as the distributor in 2014. and the production designer scouted locations in the Pacific Northwest and New After four trips to they decided that it would be for eight months. In 750 cast and crew and production would put their faith in act of faith. is a novel about necessity of belief fighting the voice of as has put it. To get the beliefs he engaged the Rev. an author and editor at large of the weekly Filmmaker and priest had several colloquies at and Martin worked intensively with and Driver. Just as learned to box for they familiarized themselves with the rites and disciplines of the priesthood to bring authenticity to their performances. known for his role in two prepared to play Father by entering fully into the process that call Raised outside with a secular developed his character by undergoing the of St. of the founder of the order. The devised in the invite the to use his imagination to place himself in the company of at the foot of the among tormented souls in hell. met with Martin for spiritual and they swapped reflections via email and Then he set out for St. a house in to undertake a silent retreat. had 10 it have been enough to prepare for this told me. got totally swept up in all things and very taken with spirituality. The preparation went on for nearly a and by the time we got to it was bursting out of not unusual for performers to allude vaguely to their spirituality. But describes the process with guileless specificity. you enter into your imagination to accompany through his life from his conception to his crucifixion and resurrection. You are praying with suffering with him. And devastating to see someone who has been your whom you be so Before left for Martin gave him a cross he had received as a gift while a novice. got to the point where he could a Martin told me. were places in the script where he would stop and say and we would come up with something think I am called to be a said to me as if making this film had spurred him to consider the prospect. I had the feeling that I was being called to called to work with one of the great and called to this role as something I had to pursue for my spiritual Driver has played the unreliable boyfriend in and the villainous in The Force To play in the slightly more skeptical who was raised a Baptist in worked by analogy. movie is the story of a crisis of he and explained that he tried to apply the ideas of faith and doubt generally. could be faith in your in the project or in a it could be doubts about the work or the project or the marriage. When you think about it that very So he related to faith and doubt and he lost nearly a third of his weight for the role. he told me over black coffee. about and as an actor you want to have control. But also about It gives you information you can use in the He lost the weight over four and a half supervised by a nutrition coach. Early he spent a week at St. was already two days into his retreat when Driver arrived at the a pile where the poet was once in residence. Pledged to the two actors waved when they spied each other in the refectory. raised Catholic in brought to the insights he gained during 1986 film about adventures in South the poet and was an adviser to that picture and celebrated Mass with the actors Irons on location in told remember Father you know that based his for actors on the of St. come all this way to hear That had a real effect on This in to play Father the older who apostatized after being tortured underwent a simulacrum of the suspended upside down by ropes over a pit of excreta. The actor determined to do his best to play a character crucified in the hung on a cross as a wave machine pushed rising tides of water over him. was 82. By the time Driver filmed his final scene in which long staggers into starved by his captors he was hallucinating from hunger. did the scene and hopped on a plane to New to do a table reading for he told and then began a regimen of triple breakfasts at a diner in now a chief film critic for The New once wrote that approaches as priestly a set of spiritual exercises embedded in technical So it was with insists on having silence on the told me. silence is happening arranged the shooting script so the cast could feel the emotions in sequence. Finally reached the scene in which steps on the profaning the God he believes in and renouncing the faith he has come halfway across the world to preach. Actor and director prepared the a bare foot pressed to a piece of the face of worn smooth by the feet of countless apostates before him. something we had both waited had waited much longer he had waited decades to film that The director was the priest stepped and then there was a technical difficulty. almost lost my and I think recalled. wanted it to be done in one There was a second and the priest profaned the image of once and for all. Step by got made. The picture saw in his head on the bullet train took 27 years and million to realize. in good he said to me philosophically as we sat together in his house in the near dark. It was one in the morning. know but this is how this picture got made. It had to be this could speak because he had been through all this before. A passion religious in based on a funding difficulties and reluctance among studio Such was Last Temptation of his adaptation of the novel by When the novel was published in in its conceit that felt a temptation to climb down from the cross and live an earthly life with was seen as a challenge to conservative represented by the Orthodox Church. By the time it reached the United States in the were and the novel was taken up by the counterculture as a template for religious illumination through carnal knowledge. read the novel in the after it was given to him by and the two stars of By the time he set to making a movie it was the and the novel was again seen as a challenge to conservative then at full volume. stated aims for the picture were straightforward. He wanted to give the Gospel story a contemporary the way great artists like had done. And he wanted to fulfill his childhood vision and take the biblical epic to a different place. But the project soon turned complicated beyond belief. After committing to the picture in Paramount Pictures began to have doubts. shrank the shooting schedule for and the agreeing to forgo his fee. As fundamentalist leaders got wind of the they organized a hostile campaign against parent Gulf and Western. the head of United then the declared that show the picture on its citing trouble with Life of and other as well as with a film called Messenger of that had prompted bomb threats. In an agonizing meeting with and studio canceled the picture. By now intentions for it were a good deal more complicated. told him that God be only in the hands of the he later recalling the meeting with are so many obstacles in between us and the spirit. In a to make this film was to try to make God accessible to people in the audience who feel alienated from the churches. I have had three divorces. Does this mean I speak to God because the church says I I can talk for myself because Angry and he took on two projects initiated by set in Lower and Color of a drama starring and Tom Cruise. Color of grossed the biggest hit ever had. he switched agents to the head of Creative Artists Agency. is it you want to get What is the film you really want to get I Last Temptation of And he And I heard that swiftly got at Universal. filmed in Morocco with as as Bowie as and as What happened next still stands as a central episode in the culture wars. As worked round the clock to edit the the religious right moved against it. a instigator and head of the Family organized a picketing campaign at Universal Pictures in The Rev. of the Baptist Tabernacle of did the same outside the home of the chairman of which owned Universal. The leader of the Campus Crusade for Bill offered to buy the film from Universal in order to destroy it. Universal moved up the release date and took out newspaper ads in its support. In an interview with reporters in the director who seen the called it horrible and completely Reports attributed to him a remark that the movie was the product of denied but the notion took root that the movie was the sinister work of a cabal of movie executives conspiring against the faith. The day the film had its premiere at the 1988 hundreds of picketers were there. So were several television news crews. the recalled to group of us went to dinner at the Regency The group included Universal the celebrated director longtime editor and and prominent who had supported the movie. the Episcopal bishop of New had written a letter to The New Times declaring that the movie dramatized the core church teaching that is both fully human and fully divine. At the told about a book he should read. The next day he had it sent by In and the persecution of often to the point of martyrdom is real and continuing. Since the Sept. 11 the word has taken on awful new connotations. is inadvertently topical. Like the the picture interrogates the very idea of by proposing that there are instances when martyrdom the believer holding fast to to the bitter end is not holy or even right. It makes in the way of art the arguments made in defense of that an act be fully understood if the intentions behind it taken into and that a seeming act of profanation can be an act of devotion if done out of an underlying faith. At a dramatic moment in the hears the cries of who are being tortured outside his cell. He has been told that he can save their lives if he will step on the . He agonizes. He prays. He feels the offer as a temptation. surrounded by suffering and he hears a voice he takes to be It was to be trampled on by men that I was born into this novel poses a very profound theological Peter C. a Catholic theologian at who was born in told me. question is Are we allowed to do an essentially evil act to obtain a good If it is done to save then the answer is no. But the novel is so complex because he does it for his for the good end of saving his flock. He will go to hell but he will go to hell for their tramples on the . Because his intention is right to save the lives of others the act seems right. And because it entails the sacrifice of his exalted sense of it seems a a loss of self for sake. The novel work through theological questions so scholastically. it enfolds them within other whether missionary activity is ipso facto a form of and whether the content of a religious faith is lost in translation when it is promulgated in a new language in a new land. Should the church adapt to particular or should it maintain an approach distinctively its In that is a question of Since the Council of when the by clashed over whether new should be held to law the history of has turned on questions of The brilliance of is that it shows how these questions increase and multiply. The young seem to favor adopting peasant taking the sacraments directly to the people and calling their hut A magistrate a figure akin to Grand Inquisitor tells that cannot take root in the that is Japan. When finally meets concurs. The They are breakaway the apostate priest they worship the of not the Son of God. Those dying upside down in the They die for he tells they died for you. For all is itself a complex act of a featuring a point of that could not have been written by anyone but a The is an expression of a point developed in a new book by the artist It is an image of God devised by the shogunate for the purpose of but over the course of the it becomes an authentic image of Under the converts abuse it. They renounce their faith. But that mean they stop believing. They keep in mysterious ways. own body of work is a strong argument for in that he instinctively finds religious patterns and images in dispirited society. His is an act of cultural adaptation would call it to the third Here an Catholic adapts a novel about Catholics for a movie arguably most distinctive art form. And yet suggests that of the usual kind is impossible. it makes vivid the idea that the act called apostasy can be a shrewd adaptation of religious faith to a hostile and that faith maintained in spite of a outward acts of apostasy is faith nonetheless. The question the novel comes down is you a This posed by to the peasant is one that must answer for himself before he approaches the and long after he tramples on it. It is a question that cannot be answered for the believer by the or a or society. The novel is not about a struggle with a hostile culture. When the magistrate says as denies no . . . Unconsciously the priest raised his voice as he spoke. struggle was with in my own Before it opens in New and in will be screened in for several hundred and for at the no stretch to suppose that Pope a will find a way to be there. assuredly will be and striking to envision him sitting in the dark with the pope as his new picture plays. Their boyhoods were a lot Six years was brought up in in a family of immigrants who took him to the movies and he grew up cherishing especially film about the possibility of calls it. I asked how he would describe his work to Pope He then would say that in my to find out how to live life tried to explore what our existence really is and the meaning of One day not long stepped out of a black car in front of the old cathedral. He had on an a scarf and a hat. He tightened the pulled the hat low and stood near the graveyard adjoining the cathedral. used to play right he said. could hide behind the gravestones. You knew which ones were the right size for Little today is largely symbolic like the within The old Social Club a headquarters for the crime syndicate is now a once south of Canal extends most of the way up Street. At the Catholic Mass is offered in and looked up Street toward Street. the restaurant that used to be a house. Past it was a funeral home. The funeral procession would come out and bear the coffin along the sidewalk here and into the cathedral. I remember two kids from the 16 or 17 they died of and the families had to be carried from the funeral home to the they were so devastated. It was terrible. never forget Inside the old it became clear how literally has never forgotten not the splendor of the nor the presence of suffering and sin and nearby. The pastor pointed out the details of a the saints retouched in their original the marble and brass altar fixtures restored to the way they were before a 1970 modernizing effort. who left the neighborhood in need a guide. He knew every inch of the place. an boy standing right here in a white reciting a prayer in he mused aloud. The closing scenes of his follow through the decades after he apostatizes. A priest no represents the shogunate in its dealings with traders from What is his inner What does he Working from the imagination rather than from the text of the found a final subtle but not for the position and an image that suggests the nature of own engagement with matters of faith. I asked him to draw a connection between and what he was seeing in the old cathedral. He tapped his forehead with two fingers. connection is that it has never been interrupted. continuous. I never left. In my I am here every
Guardian contributor 11 2016 We're out of here. But to the person who asked which one of our albums we enjoyed making the most without a Revolution Radio is the album we enjoyed making the most. We are stronger than and ready to play amazing gigs for all ages to enjoy. Thank you yours Green Guardian contributor 11 2016 We do a secret handshake. I can't tell you because have to kill you. Guardian contributor 11 2016 Sex with music Music with sex Is there a Listening to sex and playing music. Guardian contributor 11 2016 John He looked like he could eat. And Khan. Guardian contributor 11 2016 In fact all the people in Bill and Excellent Adventure. It's fucking that movie. Hill Guardian contributor 11 2016 I love the festivals in the The are so much louder than That's what I love about it. Guardian contributor 11 2016 No casting has taken yet. But we're pretty sure the lead role will be played by... wait for it... Guardian contributor 11 2016 The we just wanted to make a mess. By playing music that's our inspiration. And listening to pirate radio. the best thing I can do for this country now that elected someone as terrifying as so angry and want to find a peaceful outlet for that anger. Rage and always. Guardian contributor 11 2016 You can start by giving someone a hug. That's good enough. Nick Guardian contributor 11 2016 Forever Now. Because it's It's a whole lot of awesome. fan of Green especially the classics from that must be the most played album on my have a lot of respect for you but I have to how can you endorse a candidate like in the US presidential Given the numerous examples of her corruption and in the leaked emails from the and John her support for US military intervention in foreign her being funded by huge global bankers and her view on gay marriage. She seems like the for Green and I see why you support a third party or independent candidate that would at least try to do good by the people. Guardian contributor 11 2016 I voted for first. is not the president of the she has to own that. The bigger problem is and how you deal with fascism. Emails are obsolete. had a fascist president for three days I don't know how to deal with it yet. Guardian contributor 11 2016 like to win an Adult Video Network I would like to have a comeback album after we die. Our best album will be released the minute we pass. That would be neat. Not just put it out record it after we die. That's optimism. Guardian contributor 11 2016 Keep it and willing to sound like shit before you sound Party after the not before. Hill Guardian contributor 11 2016 That a very good juggler. Guardian contributor 11 2016 That it hurts when I That you should always carry hand Guardian contributor 11 2016 Our intention was to play music for the rest of our lives. I don't worry about what other people think of we just want to make great records and tour the and that's how we felt during just as with Revolution Radio. Guardian contributor 11 2016 We accept anyone who feels at any Green Day event. Period. Especially if you're gay or or of any nationality. Period. Green Day is a safe place for you to be. I think it's a problem that we have to face every and we have to do whatever we can to fix it. Guardian contributor 11 2016 Energy by Operation Circle Group Sex. No Means No Which record... And Comes Alive. And Revolution Radio by Green Day. Guardian contributor 11 2016 At a show in a fan jumped off a 20 foot tall balcony and to the stage. It was fucking It The crowd caught it was crazy. A friend who was a said he couldn't do it better himself. And then played the song Knowledge on stage with on guitar.
Three days was one of symbols of corruption and a law enforcer of highest to campaign. On the director was the most controversial figure in the heroic to irresponsible to and puzzling to nearly has a long history of trying to walk political to varying dating to the earliest days of his and Trump camps duel over director's late email revelation Read a career prosecutor who grew up in New Jersey and studied religion and had his first brush with a investigation came in after a stint with the US attorney for New That he joined a Senate investigation into Bill and real estate named Whitewater after a failed venture they joined. He remained in the background of an investigation that ultimately petered but soon joined two prestigious in eastern and where he pursued cases against identity a top Credit banker and he was named deputy attorney general in the administration of W becoming a dissenting voice against surveillance programs of the National Security Agency revealed in 2005 by the New Times. later testified to Congress that one night in March with attorney general John hospitalized for an emergency he raced to the sickbed to prevent the renewal of wiretapping programs which the justice department had determined were arrived just before top lawyer and chief of and did not sign the renewal. was told the Senate in 2007. thought I just witnessed an effort to take advantage of a very sick who did not have the powers of the attorney general because they had been transferred to me. That night was probably the most difficult night of my professional The next Bush modified the wiretapping those about possible misconduct by the White House chief counsel missing emails from the Republican National told Congress he felt it imperative that the justice department stand outside partisan Department of in my is run by political appointees of the he testified. once they take those jobs and run this very important in my view for that institution to be an other in life. people had to stand up before juries of all talk to sheriffs of all judges of all stripes. They had to be seen as the good and not as either this administration or that left the justice department in 2005 for the largest military contractor in the and eventually an investment firm and Law School. In nominated the registered Republican to lead the joking that the prosecutor was man who stands very tall for justice and the rule of was confirmed as the seventh director in a 93-1 vote only senator Rand voted against over domestic drone surveillance and quickly took on a series of controversial lose the election because of the email Read he opposed the has emerged as a steady advocate of US security agencies since the Guardian revealed a host of programs in a system that gave the access to a trove of data. has repeatedly argued that security agencies should be given tools to bypass private and took the to court against Apple over unlocking the phone of one of the asking Apple to take the vicious guard dog away and let us pick the he told Congress in March. not their job to watch out for public safety. our job. The logic of encryption will bring us to a place in the not too distant future where all of our conversations and all our papers and effects are entirely legal battle ended in as the found another way into the It has since said that the hack it used does not work on newer phone has walked a careful line on race and police killings. Last year he said it was that the Guardian and Post had better data on police shootings than the federal but also dipped into controversy by suggesting a named after sometimes violent protests in over the police shooting of an unarmed black teen may cause police officers to step back from their conceded he lacked evidence for that which led him into an unusually public disagreement with the who warned last we do is data or use anecdotal evidence to drive policy or to feed political Since tentative research by the justice department and a St criminologist has suggested the is plausible as an explanation for a spike in violent director rose to national prominence in when he announced the findings in its investigation into whether and her staff had acted criminally in their use of a private email server. He concluded there was no evidence of intentional used a press conference itself a break from tradition and his in one former words to lay out the facts at the correct several false claims by and castigate her and her staff for their email practices. He was then called to Congress to defend his which ended months of expensive and inconclusive Republican investigations. Twitter email five key revelations from the know what would be a double If she were prosecuted for gross told the House. reasonable prosecutor would bring the second case in 100 years based on gross not fair to prosecute someone on these he calling the procedure and of the things I have learned in this case is that the secretary may not have been as sophisticated as people would about his voter said he no longer belonged to any Trump fan chanting behaved in way Read short letter wrote to congressional leaders on admits that he does not know whether new emails found on a computer belonging to the estranged husband of a staffer have any significance. That lack of information has turned attention to the director who reportedly broke with not only precedent but advice from top justice department officials by going internal memo sent to leaked to several news suggests the director felt he had no choice but to given his testimony to Congress. also think it would be misleading to the people were we not to supplement the he wrote. the same given that we know the significance of this newly discovered collection of I want to create a misleading trying to strike that in a brief letter and in the middle of an election there is significant risk of being but I wanted you to hear directly from me about elections justice 
When last awards failed to nominate a single black artist in any major there was a chorus of outrage. Laura threatened a the went viral and took aim in his track One Take calling them failure to notice and reward talent in minority artists was the latest in a wave of film and music awards to cause outrage by ignoring entrants. But this could all be about to with the of the announcing the biggest ever shakeup of the 1,000 members who make up their voting an effort to make the academy both more gender balanced and more more than 700 new members will be invited and the male and female makeup of previous years will shift to become male and will also be from making it the most diverse voting academy in history. Twitter money and our problem with diversity on the chairman of the which oversees the said that since he had taken on the role two years ago he had wanted to the academy but admitted that criticism by figures such as last year had up the who had been named best grime artist at the 2014 and 2015 and was on the Sound of 2015 was ignored by the nominations and tweeted his said was such a great year for grime and underground music. I thought maybe this year it might get celebrated. You know when got that little bit of hope and that little bit of faith and then they just a matter of breaking the doors down and carrying admitted that comments had been catalyst to get a move on with it knew it was something we needed to he said. survey of the academy showed it was older than we wanted and was leaning 70-30 in of men. when I met I thanked him for speaking because if being honest we being as quick as I would have liked and this gave us all a kick to get on with an open letter to the Guardian last admitted there had been elephant in the at the awards and said he the current members of the voting academy were white and with a bias towards older oversee the appointed a panel of black and figures from across urban and grime as well as and producers by Long and who met on a monthly basis to discuss the voting makeup and even award voting academy is broken down into different sections of the from musicians and producers to labels and and each year the head of each category recommends new members. This the BPI stipulated that the lists had to be 50-50 male and female and a minimum said that this had been successful in some categories but had also been met with resistance in some quarters. In areas such as music which are still very male it had proved particularly difficult to find enough women to put forward. are a lot of people used to doing things in a certain way and had to rattle a few cages to make sure that people came back with that mix of he said. was difficult in some areas producers for example tend to be so I think that was the category that struggled the but we kept going back to said he had also made personal phone calls to his peers within the industry can I put this old white who had been among the voting academy for asking if they could step aside to make way for a new generation of members. He lot of my when they heard about what we were emailed me to say they wanted to be taken off to make way for someone said he had whether the shakeup of the academy would have a noticeable impact on the artists nominated. He also stressed that the were still a celebration of commercially successful and that while genres such as grime had been well known within the music industry for over a it had only achieved mainstream chart success over the past year. In order for music to be nominated for a it still must have charted in the top 40 that year. The decision by the to be proactive about diversity is also reflective of a wider push for change across the music industry. the umbrella under which BPI has just issued its first diversity survey across all areas of the industry. The move won applause from founder of the who am congratulate and thank the BPI for responding to feedback and improving diversity on their awards voting panel. This is a really positive move founded 21 years ago in order to raise awareness of the imbalance within the music so applaud any move to create broader platforms and level the playing field so that more talent can shine is also sure to appease musicians such as who last year spoke about how she did not want to attend the ceremony because she was not sure what it would achieve. guess the problem for me is knowing that there are young black kids growing up feeling that not acknowledged in in media and in mainstream awards and 
on were you hoping nice evening and someone She was dressed very smartly and we arrived at the same time. Punctuality is an underrated personality did you talk An eclectic mix of alcohol tolerance and the awkward I made a rookie error by wearing a white which I spilled food on. She mocked but I got the stain out in the table Far better than thing about She has very different life you introduce her to your not quite sure what make of my her in three do you think she made of Maybe that I ask too many you go on did you you could change one thing about the what would it I would not have spilled food on out of you meet She lives in and in east so logistically a bit of a on What were you hoping food and good look like a serial did you talk to taste the wine and pretend to be an board patterned awkward had to ask him his name twice. It is a difficult expect a kiss on each cheek a Read table overlook him spilling food down his thing about is easy to talk you introduce him to your I think get him in three do you think he made of but useful in a pub you go on I had to get a train did you you could change one thing about the what would it would have picked a different out of you meet swap and ate at Silk in the Courthouse a blind Email a free go to Guardian 
and to lead Trump White Trump announced two major chairman of the Republican National as chief of and former of website and Trump campaign as strategist and senior So who are appointment caused his website has been charged with carrying antisemitic and sexist stories and peddling conspiracy theories. He was also accused by his of making antisemitic faced domestic violence charges that were dropped and was found to have been registered to vote in at an empty house where he did not though he subsequently changed his registration. He and were said to be working as and to lead White talks supreme court made a number of policy suggestions in an interview with 60 and also admitted that his promised wall on the border with will partially consist of fencing. He plans to deport as many as three million which seems at odds with statements made by House speaker Trump also said he wants to appoint supreme court justices who will send abortion rights to the but said marriage was Further an analysis of policy pledges made by Trump in a speech at last immigration start by deporting 3 million Twitter 3 million immigrants to be says worry for gun say they expect Congress to pass a federal law that would dismantle restrictions in states including New New and Trump has endorsed a reciprocity law that would make concealed carry permits valid in all 50 states. Gun control groups call this threat to public Gun rights advocates say it would be a victory for civil rights. Local restrictions may be wiped out under advocates movement braces for labor movement fears that the Congress and the supreme court will take steps to hobble ranging from appointing a National Labor Relations Board that does bidding to erasing an array of administration including one making overtime pay available to millions more movement braces for battle with Congress and criminal justice reform progress presidency has seen issues with the US criminal justice system gain national media attention and his administration has looked to address the problem. considers the progress made and the limitations of actions. Many of the executive actions could be undone by whose campaign was openly hostile to progressive criminal justice made progress on criminal justice reform. Will it survive the next the fearless has needed fearless independent media more. Help us hold the new president to sort fact from amplify underrepresented and understand the forces behind this divisive election and what happens next. Support the Guardian by becoming a member or making a call a weak defeat of decades of scheming and an extraordinary international roster of powerful players to lay the groundwork that made his election writes. Also the gutting of the Voting Rights the actions of director reality Fox and many other call a weak it took decades of scheming to beat threatens to cut sales of US would be a fool to launch a trade war against a Communist party newspaper has claimed. On the campaign Trump called China a currency manipulator and threatened tariffs to the An editorial in the newspaper warned of batch of orders will be replaced by Airbus. US auto and sales in China will suffer a and US soybean and maize imports will be halted. China can also limit the number of students studying in the the paper threatens to cut sales of and US will be hottest year on will likely be the hottest year on record for the third year in a meaning 16 of the 17 hottest years will have been this according to the United Nations. The World Meteorological Organization published on at the global climate summit in found the global temperature in 2016 running above levels. Greenhouse gas emissions remain the strongest factor in temperature increases. Climate change was largely ignored during the US a failure of the writes Oliver and presidency throws the future of US environmental protection into doubt. He has threatened to withdraw from the climate will be the hottest year on to face founder will face prosecutors in embassy on more than six years after he was accused of rape. sought asylum in the embassy in fearing extradition to the US over releases of classified US embassy cables. During the US published emails damaging to severed connection at the over fears he was using it to influence the to face prosecutors over rape hit by is recovering after earthquakes on prompted tsunami swallowed twisted railway lines and left towns and cities damaged. In a small town at the heart of the tourism more than 600 residents and 1,200 tourists were cut off by landslides. Across the two people were confirmed to have been living on a waking New count cost of case you missed of Coyote most popular videos shows him writhing around in agony. just been stung by a tarantula a giant wasp considered to have the painful sting of any insect. his real first name is is the host of the Brave Wilderness a show that sees him around the US and Central encountering animals and insects and often being attacked by quest to be attacked by US 
A Trump supporter who screamed at reporters at a rally on night behaved in a the Republican campaign manager agreed with host Tapper on and Trump camps duel over director's late email revelation Read night in a man wearing a for prison turned around during a chant of to face the press calling reporters the and shouting conduct was campaign told after Tapper suggested the adjective. conduct is completely unacceptable and does not reflect our campaign or our had I been I would have asked security to remove him immediately. he speak for the campaign or the chants in front of press pen Trump and his campaign have for months criticized for her description of the supporters as basket of later said she regretted the and said she was referencing extreme factions of such as the former leader Duke and antisemitic and white nationalist wavered on and then disavowed support earlier this but he has periodically echoed antisemitic for instance alleging the existence of a global conspiracy of media and bankers and tweeting and defending an image of a star and the words corrupt candidate Similar rhetoric about migrants and other minorities has outraged Democrats and some gave an entire speech in August on relations with the and Mitt warned in that Trump had made racist groups feel legitimized and was quick to argue that most of supporters do not share racist telling host have to push back on some of the adjectives you just used to describe These are people who love their country. And these are people who feel like part of a that this is not a typical politician. If you do besmirch the good hearts and the good values of the tens of the millions of Trump clarified that she did not condone the Phoenix think what he had to say was has blamed dishonest sometimes singling out reporters by for his recent collapse in the and reporters have been subjected to jeers and even threats. At the same Phoenix a reporter alerted security to a man whose behavior toward the press alarmed members of the media. reporters have experienced intense antisemitic abuse elections 
The composer and pianist get a chance to speak to renowned vocal prodigy and Faith No More Mike very admits this makes him feel and given the pair will be performing as in less than two months time in a show at the Festival of Music and Art in they speak to each other during an interview with Guardian there is catching up to be done first. They last time they spoke was in side project to perform at festival in world first Read the fuck are asks. in fucking Get the fuck out of here. surprised. Usually in explains that between now and their performance together in no way going to be on the same piece of the Earth is renowned for being a workaholic and taking on multiple projects at such as touring with his multitude of bands that include and writing film or collaborating with artists ranging from John to John is constantly on the touring with various bands and improvisational writing concert works for ensembles and and running the text and music relationship with is always very you says. I love this guy. I love the more considered of the explains that much of their collaboration as is done over email. In 2014 released their an mix of exotic symphonic winds and rock punctuated by vocals which took about four years to complete. was years of swapping stuff back and forth over email and building on it over an extended says. took a long time. The drums were recorded in clarinets in the brass in And eventually we met together in for three days to do the and we mixed it in needed to do the vocals because were not really any other he says. with a vocal range of six has appeared at the top of lists like most versatile vocalist and best ahead of Guns Rose and avant soprano Twitter took four years to mostly over laughs dismissively at such the fact that terms of the arrangements and orchestration for not many singers qualified to actually handle has the avant the orchestral the rock sensibility and the sensibility to deal with this kind of and those are all angles and histories I like to address in the key thing which I feel Mike can actually do is have that compositional logic while remaining free and open to the moment. So we work around our respective schedules and make it work because we both love the work so this versatility that has seen croon and under the moniker use his voice as both an instrument and a noise machine with experimental rock band and for on her describes as the rare type of artist who can perform a complex song all the way through in one take. today kind of piece things together and then a take is put together in an edited he says. Mike is part of a generation of musicians who can do the take all the way through and a certain feel and discipline to which a lot of musicians today are not aware of. That discipline and focus in a take is increasingly rare and is a privilege to and what I really admire in responds that while his first takes are pretty fucking he is more than happy to take advantage of technology to clean up a rhythm or redo his vocal says the idea of performing live with is challenging. The which explored the concept of murder of and which had wrongly assumed would be a piano and vocals is full of foreboding landscapes by an array of erratic instrumentals. very tricky. the kind of music that makes me no easy way of doing says. you have to figure out a way. You make a record and the record is beautiful but when you want to present it a whole other of on sex and why size matters Read pair are also producing new material separate to to perform for which by be slightly more contained. notion of a traditional band really function for says. for we had quite a long conversation about how we could do this live and that took a while to establish a year and a half or something. a little less 
runs the show as England end jinx Read why not come on over for this v rugby union autumn internationals Read more Right it from me. love to sit around and that but the Wales v is going live in exactly two minutes and needed over there. Do pop over and join for reading this one and thanks for all the tweets and emails. Apologies for not using them all and apologies if you like rugby league. right though. your snipes are keeping me amused in a in 30-14 but guessing still looks say his expression at is on the other hand is the happiest man on earth by the looks of things. England get a penalty but decides enough is enough and pops it into touch. hoodoo 80 min catches the restart under no pressure in the South Flung wide right and England can go for one more from here. Over it goes and have time for one more lost. Tom celebrates at the final whistle after held on to beat by a single point. Images Good try this from second phase flat takes out and the goes over. 78 min Care nearly picks off a pass from but cling on. Knock on only and South have a scrum with a couple of minutes to go. 77 min is done for a high tackle and this time takes finding an excellent touch in the corner. on for are one point down and have possession near halfway with the clock in the red. 76 min just a which whacks out touch in goal. This is so bad from South is man of the match and fully deserved that is. 75 min But knocked after carries kicks ahead. A few kick exchanges then marks his international debut by flattening while trying to charge the replacement chip ahead. It looks a fraction late but very little in it. 74 min Here we wins the and here come the drives... 73 min is very close to picking off a loose pass from Venter. frankly a mess right now. and pops it into the news fans. You need me to tell you happened. 72 min Brown fields a long clearance but takes it into touch. Never mind as pinches the and who is at 10 now Ford has gone off has Billy puts it up. Kyle comes on for his debut in place of 71 min and on for for South England win the and go but loses it in the pouring rain. got to bloody go home to this weather. 69 min South carry it up into the England half but turn it over and cuts the line to ribbons. Inside it goes to Ford and he attacks the retreating line before chipping over the top. fields and cleared but this is awful from South Ford attempts to chip the ball over the South 68 min replaces Care replaces The England might be man of the match. Kicked ahead and throws a massive forward pass under no pressure in his own but gets away with it. does it Another is sold up the river for the second time and this time on his should for the simple finish under the posts. He knocks over the extras too. goes over to extend the England lead. Images celebrates with Ford and after scoring the fourth. Images 66 min Now England use the backs and shuffles up a few on the left. Back inside and South is driving Brown back out the 22... 65 min That is a mighty scrum from England and drives it up in the into the 22. carries it on but then momentum is stalled when hesitates. Billy rights that. 64 min an England scrum right on the South 22. Another try here would kill this one off. 63 min And from 40 kick drifts left. replaces replaces May. From the restart knocks on. on for 61 min Absolute thriller at where are holding on desperately with 15 minutes to play. Back is pinged for a high tackle on in the interests of first try was a second man play a tactic which came from Just 2016 60 min scuffs and pulls a horrible kick wide to the left from out on the right. And finally the do make a the speedy slipping away from May and bursting down the right after a nice offload out the back of the hand from He pops it inside and scampers over from the 22. They check that the offload forward despite protests on it clearly takes the ball over the line to score the first for the Springboks. 58 min While I was making a note of the changes South appear to have nabbed the ball back. They still get anywhere and are now back in their own half. 57 min Off comes captain with a strike rate at the on. The ball goes left from this but a and clears long to who runs it back and is chopped down on his own 10 line. Both props have been changed for South 56 min Ford goes high and now South look to carry it back from deep. drifts and takes into touch with not much ground gained for the visitors. 55 min from where my has begins matter how many points or how far ahead we you know that nothing will wipe the memory of having our most glorious result snatched from us by a cowardly cheese eating surrender monkey and we will find a way to lose no matter what. what we deserved to lose that Come on clears after South win the and drive it well. England have it 10 inside their own half. 54 min Ford finds touch on the right with a nice just outside the 22. makes his coming on for Wood who has played well on his comeback. is replaced by 53 min Scrappy ball but South retain it and burrows down the right before carries towards the 22. Eventually drops it and kicks for May to chase. This time does gather cleanly. 52 min Brown goes offside at the breakdown and gives away a penalty. after a bit of finds touch midway inside the England half on the 22-16 in 10-68 New 51 min So they revert to picking and driving their way up into the England half before kicks. May calls the mark and kick tennis ensues. Joy. 50 min shanks his box kick but May regathers and the can try going deeper and pushing South back into their own half. The Springboks have offered absolutely nothing with ball in hand so far today. I remember a single line break. May is tackled by South Pat Images I think my prediction of an winning margin might be wrong. 48 min From the England move it infield though the ball is eventually South went offside and will have an easy kick from 26 right in front.
It is evening and a queue of stretches around Hope an old metal foundry built in 1820 in the of house music specialist Motor City Drum Ensemble is performing a show. undulate to the bass around four homemade wooden sound an unconventional strategy for an educational aimed at children excluded from school but an effective one. The club night is in service of Music and Arts Production a charity which provides young people with access to a range of art and music courses. Map is partly funded by events like this named Cosmic Slop and by hosting independent creative traders and art exhibitions in the Hope House building is a fragile way to fund a charity and one which will with any work for much longer. This glistening Gate shopping opened near Complete with a super boutiques and a towering John Lewis department an imposing cultural and economic statement with the power to change whole of fears they will bear the brunt of that change. Their lease expires in 2019. landlord bought the property knowing going to be a John Lewis shopping next and it will be worth a fortune in five or 10 so sat on he says. But not any on their 14th amendment of an application for planning permission now just the heritage committee that is holding it is something of a hidden gem in artistic circles. a space on the fringe of the city and until recently was home to a district. Peppered with empty takeaway wrappers and abandoned industrial it has also long been the unofficial arts home to all manner of photographers and attracted by the cheap rents and sense of freedom. Twitter The Gate mall in was built to house a huge new John Lewis the John Lewis store prepared to locals began to see a change in the area. Property developers began the sex trade was effectively in another part of the city drawing away the prostitutes. It became clear that the was being cleaned up with an eye to found out through tricking one of the by telling him we knew about the plans for the says who manages the Temple of Boom music venue in got him to show us a front elevation for this area. The place sat in now was completely people here own their and with leases locals would be powerless to resist the new was gutting to see because over the years financed all the maintenance of these and it has become the beating heart of what we call the arts says Walker. not nice to see landlords or the council making any plans behind our backs. It would be nice to think that we can convince them that what doing is worthwhile and is of Twitter One of several Sex Pistols covers by who had a studio in Temple Works. evidence of how regeneration can flatten a cultural locals point to an area on the other side of city home to Temple Works. This vast flax mill has an facade that gives it the air of something out of it is one of the few listed buildings in the area. Until earlier this Temple Works housed 65 resident hosted events and held an artistic education who designed the Sex had a studio here. The manager was a social scientist by trade. was originally there to sort out what we could do in terms of planning to turn it into a big cultural venue like the she says over the phone from her new office in due to ownership and we ended up running it as an underground nearly a Temple Works was a cornerstone of the local creative community. Then the council announced the area was being and the owners wanted to sell. myself found a wonderful buyer for the recalls. they were by and we all had to Though the opening of the fashion new distribution was put on hold after the the artistic that was Temple Works is now gone for good. was a really inspiring says artist citing a project he worked on with the scientist Mile Nix to project images on to clouds. was the size in such a big space allows you to think about big things. The cloud projection is a big thing a ridiculous idea. But I was in a place where I could test out things on a large says his work was influenced by the surroundings there. always is. why working in sterile galleries can result in dull How did he feel when Temple Works was I like it but always been like he noting that there is an irony to such developments. was in the at the expense of the and now the regeneration is being knocked down and regenerated. The parts they missed in the first wave are now the Twitter Street one of the shared workspaces in that are threatened by new development. an emailed a City Council spokesperson argued that of the regeneration that has taken place has been anchored by the creative and digital and it has created significant employment. They relation to Temple after the temporary for artists the council successfully supported all located there to find new facilities where they wanted to stay in the city. We also provided logistical and property support to enable them to find new statement described bid to become the Capital of Culture in 2023. will be supported by a new culture strategy for the which will include a plan for future cultural infrastructure. This may not always take the form of major capital investments but rather consider alternatives such as studio maker community and Twitter The last painter in cultural infrastructure such as Map is fighting to stay alive. are helping a lot of kids in who are in really bad Smith says. we have to move into a different definitely have to downsize. Which means be a much less effective with a lot less benefits to young are working with a network of partners on a bid to buy the whole building of Hope in order to provide a collective sanctuary for independent who work in the same areas as the charity music illustration and more. Smith dreams of offering an apprenticeship scheme within that network. But nothing to guarantee that they be just like Temple Works. If that the loss to the could be really important for people to be able to express to be part of a says Smith. are a lot of people that come to live in purely because of the music and art. I think the council always appreciate the indirect revenue it brings This article was amended on 8 2016 to clarify that Gate is rather than and that has more than two Grade I listed 
After a morning of statements and Twitter J. Trump met with New Times journalists and our publisher. We comments. He retreated from a vow to pull out of the climate accord and said that he to white supremacists. Trump also suggested his could help broker peace between and He confirmed that he was dropping his threat of further investigations into private email server and family foundation. The was asked about whether he encouraged the to oppose the kind of offshore wind farms that Trump believes will mar the view from one of his golf courses. might have brought it he said during his lunch at The Times. Legal experts say international business ventures could easily run afoul of a constitutional clause on conflicts of interest. There are no historical analogies. rejected call for to become ambassador to the The military campaign to oust the State from is in its sixth week. Our photographer and reporter covering the battle are focusing on an intensifying humanitarian the thousands of residents trying to flee. Stories of anguish like one from a man searching for his parents are common. have not heard from he told our reporter. am always has devised software to suppress posts in an effort to gain access to the 1.4 billion people in where it is blocked. Unveiling a new censorship tool there could lead to more demands to suppress content from other countries. has restricted content in other markets such as and Turkey. The government revealed the identity of an State operative believed to have been an overseer of last attacks in a He was previously known only by the the chancellor of the will provide an outlook on economy at the annual Autumn Statement to Parliament today. said a strike today will affect 100,000 travelers. The pilots also indicated that the strike would be extended to Our Economic Scene columnist says that because of gains in the global economic the Trump administration has little chance of winning a possible trade war. the has removed an executive after he was accused of insulting people in a parking lot dispute. The outburst set off an outcry on social media in China. Wall Street rose to record highs. a snapshot of global markets. A. the leader of is appearing on a reality show in an effort to change his brutal reputation. He has even been shown collecting a wildflower bouquet. New new prime is a former police chief and interior minister who supports call for members to spend more on defense. New The leaders of the two largest groups called for the Union to halt membership talks with Turkey because of its purges. Two sisters were robbed of million worth of jewelry and other valuables by men who attacked the driver of their with tear gas near New A group of residents who want the state to secede from the United States submitted paperwork that seeks a statewide vote in 2018. Some babies who have linked to the virus might appear healthy at but develop symptoms according to a new study in New Global warming is altering the ecology of the Arctic Ocean on a huge The annual production of algae increased an estimated 47 percent between 1997 and 2015. The consequences remain unclear. New A stained glass screen created for the headquarters of East secret the is for sale in The lingering use of the language in the island of is a reminder of how cultures have blended for centuries. A deaf teenager from South is set to reach the highest echelons of a sport in which hearing the ball is considered hugely important. The story of how made it to Sporting is a case study in how to recruit and develop soccer players. is a deft and diverting World War II romantic our critic writes. The starring Brad and operates a bit like in reverse. prepared to ski the most intense and incredibly humbling terrain that you could ever imagine A former military sniper on skiing in La A handwritten poem scrawled by Frank in a notebook is up for sale in the today. based in expects to sell the rare item for between 30,000 and 50,000 or about and penned the short poem in a notebook belonging to her friend van older The work is dated March just a few months before and her family went into hiding from the in All but her father eventually died in the Holocaust. Only a few of her writings aside from the diary she kept while in hiding have emerged. This a museum bought a copy of fairy tales in which had inscribed her and her names. In another short piece of verse written in a notebook went on sale at The opening features traditional lines of encouragement and can be traced to a Dutch periodical. The closing which the auction house has not may be own. others have reproached what you have done the poem be sure to amend your is the best answer one can
Outdated computer systems are allowing malicious hackers to target everyone from companies at board level to individuals in their living according to the who is promising to strike back against will use a speech on to unveil a package designed to boost against a growing which he will say is invading personal privacy and putting national security at attack that disrupted was largest of its kind in experts say Read before the said must up with the scale and pace of the threats we and insisted that the new funding will us to take even greater steps to defend ourselves in cyberspace and to strike back when we are money which almost doubles the amount set out for a similar strategy in 2011 will be used to improve automated to safeguard citizens and support the industry and deter attacks from criminals and will say the steps are needed because the cost of crimes in cyberspace globally is and will argue that society is becoming more vulnerable because of the way in which devices connect. The government also fears that legacy IT systems used by many in the are increasingly susceptible to hackers who find them easier to will promise government support but insist that chief executives have a duty to ensure their companies are secure. Twitter How did hackers use everyday devices to launch a Cabinet Office longer the stuff of spy thrillers and action are a reality and they are happening now. Our adversaries are varied criminal untrained teenagers and foreign first duty of the government is to keep the nation safe. Any modern state cannot remain secure and prosperous without securing itself in cyberspace. That is why we are taking the decisive action needed to protect our our economy and our money for the new national strategy will be used to focus on including protecting critical infrastructure such as energy and transport. It is intended that websites impersonating government departments will be shut down much more and efforts will be made to crack down on spoof email accounts used in fraud cases. The second plank of the policy will be to target those who persistently attack with a promise to deploy more than 50 specialist currently being recruited. There will also be more funding to improve the security of tablets and laptops. The reforms include a new in the founder of the world wide speaking on Radio Today on we have seen the can be attacked and the United Kingdom needs to have but responsible and accountable police forces and has to have the tools to defend us and defend the open think want to make a first but when you are being attacked by a whole lot of domestic then the way you defend yourself is striking by taking over those machines yourself. On the and really are very related. you buy something and plug it into the for example your is that it comes with a password set in a factory. So if you as a consumer buy one and plug it you better put a password on it not because someone particularly wants to look in your own but because an automated machine could be taking over all 
For this the most astonishing name on the start list for 100 meters did not belong to Bolt. But what Pal of lacked in he more than made up for as an international man of mystery. If really was born on as his passport his presence would be extraordinary at the World Masters Athletics Championships. This would make him not only the oldest known runner in the world but probably the oldest man in the world. The problem many people did not believe his story. suspect that he is lying about his said the senior joint secretary of the Masters Athletics Federation of T. of a leading researcher on said the oldest age ever validated for a man was 115. The eldest confirmed person was a who died in 1997 at 122. In his said the director of the New England Centenarian Study at Medical percent of all claims of being 115 or older are The chances of being 119 and a competitive runner probably equaled the odds of a rocket ship and going to said. And he if in his any running he did still denied exaggerating his age. In late he had more immediate concerns. A he lived in the village of nearly 5,000 miles from the world masters championships. He wanted to reach by 24 to prepare to run the 200 and 400 meters. He had paid his entry fee but did not have money to buy an airline ticket. He also needed a visa. He would travel to New Maybe a politician there would arrange the necessary funds for willing to stay in a cheap I want to the oldest competitor would be an John a World War II veteran who was captured by the and put into forced labor. Malnutrition and the harsh conditions permanently shrouded his vision. he resumed his running career after the war. He knew what a body could withstand. The pain of sport was nothing compared with the pain of capture. To needed a magnifying glass. He wore sunglasses outdoors to shield his eyes. He could see the lanes of a but he could not read the bib numbers of his competitors. Faces were smudged. He met people and shook hands and said hi and hoped that was enough not to be considered a if he did not recognize a friend. Despite his impaired he once set world masters records from 800 meters to the marathon. He went 10 years without a defeat on the track. In his he could still run a marathon under three hours. His shock of white always combed in a neat even in the middle of gave him the yearning look of a pioneer. all the in a way to said an who is president of World Masters the governing body. John. He should have died as a prisoner of but he He came home and recovered. He got back to competing at the absolutely top On a track a from his was coming out of retirement for his first meet in 11 years. Four thousand athletes from 91 countries were scheduled to compete at the world masters championships from 26 to the equivalent of the for runners and throwers and jumpers 35 and older. had entered the 1,500 and in that order. In his final one of his opponents could be Pal to said of any athlete who could be 119. lucky to be much less jogging despite uncertainty about his was as stirring to some athletes as was to athletes. healthy and inspiring to said a relative sprinting novice at 75. Unlike who lived a cataloged life verified by medals and two biographies could not produce a birth certificate. They were not regularly issued in villages when he was said to have been born. Such gaps in birth registration tended to skew masters records toward athletes from more developed nations and disproportionately hindered athletes from and elsewhere in said a social policy analyst and marathon coach from He had coached another runner born in named Now a gained widespread attention in 2011 when he ostensibly set eight world records at a track meet in and became the first centenarian to complete a marathon. Yet now said to be also lacked a birth certificate. He could not convince masters officials or World Records of his age. None of his achievements have been certified as records. in the third world are at a disadvantage for being taken said his Masters officials vigorously denied bias in the way they treated athletes or apportioned records. They were simply trying to be fair to said Sandy an who is the chief record keeper for World Masters Athletics. This was not considered a trivial matter for competitions and world given that age groups were divided into increments. A runner the 70-74 category could have a considerable advantage over someone in the 80-84 category. For four officials they had patiently requested that Pal provide reliable evidence to verify his birth school military baptismal medical school records of his children. have absolutely nothing to prove how old he really said. could be he could be 100. We Through the had not been consistent in listing his age at officials said. One said that he registered for this world masters championship as a not a But he was given the benefit of the and his entry was with an asterisk. If he traveled to would be allowed to compete in the category. Any record that he set would not be but any medal that he won would be awarded. A duplicate medal would be given to any competitor he beat. Everyone age in that group had been verified. There were mixed feelings among meet officials. might distract news media attention from all other competitors. whatever his his presence would promote healthy living. And he might also draw bigger crowds. People could decide for themselves how old he appeared. Tall and wearing a turban and a was said by officials who had seen him run to possess a fluid stride and a great sense of theater. Before he sometimes went into the grandstand to be photographed. And he pulled out his cellphone to speak to or to pretend to speak to someone. he runs the he spends five minutes of the secretary of World Masters said with a chuckle. on. At that who does the president of World Masters said for hoped that showed up. like the old said. a really lovely man. he probably really has no idea how old he to be quite Pal arrived for an interview in New carrying his own traveling bag and a handbag. He did not wear glasses or use a walking stick. For two or three hours in the company of a he appeared alert and comprehending. His passport said his birthday was 1897. The same date appeared on his election voting card and his permanent account a code used for taxes. These are all valid government documents but not the primary documents to certify age. said he did not have a birth certificate. He said he was illiterate and did not have a school either. His mother provided a which became the basis of his he but he was not carrying it with him. His eldest born in was also illiterate and lacked a birth certificate and a school said. He also said that none of his contemporaries in his village were still alive. carried two more documents. One listed him as the finisher at 200 meters for sprinters 100 and over at the 2014 Masters Athletics Championships. The other document was perhaps more significant. It was an age dated May and stamped and issued by the chief medical officer of the district in the state of had not provided any documentary evidence to substantiate his the certificate said. But based on general appearance and taken at P. L. Hospital appeared to be It was unclear how credible the certificate was. But it was signed by the chief government doctor in the region where lived. Those who accuse him of inflating his age jealous of my my my speaking say I do not look like he said. I walk with a stick and with a bent then I would look like Without a with a straight I look like to My good health has become my Age fraud was uncommon at the world masters championships because there was not much incentive beyond a medal and a said Ken Stone of La the founder and editor of and a watchdog over running. much more common to find evidence of doping than to find evidence of age Stone said. within the niche there had been a small number of cases of masters athletes who performed remarkable feats but could not satisfactorily prove their age to record keepers. An ostentatious Stone had occurred at the 2011 world meet in A named finished 14th in the long jump in the 45-49 age group. Then he borrowed a bib and entered the 50-54 age furtively seeking a better result against older only to be disqualified. an who represented at the 1988 appeared in 2010 to become the first to run faster than 50 seconds in the 400 meters. But his mark was never masters officials because of conflicting documents that suggested he might have been 39 or 40 at the time instead of 50. In a dispute arose about which of two both said to be had become the fastest sprinter at 100 meters. World Records sided with of Japan. World Masters Athletics sided with of At the officials also wrestled with the case of an man named His father was said to have altered his birth making him appear younger so that he could be eligible for food rations after World War II. But the story could not be said a who is president of Masters Athletics. was later penalized for age falsification. wrote a plaintive letter about the uncertainty that officials faced with some of the most elderly Was a birth certificate valid if the original no longer What should be done about athletes born during the First or Second World when many records were How could a birth date be proved when a government was not able to verify a birth on a particular Or when a country did not issue birth These were questions without clear wrote to Stone last you see it makes it difficult for all statisticians in the world to find The situation may be further complicated by the refugee crisis in as people flee countries like and often without as they seek a new masters officials said. The issue of older athletes of indeterminate age was so much but I say it was said the secretary of World Masters Athletics. been able to sort something there have been numerous reasons people made inaccurate or unsubstantiated claims to extreme according to the Medical Center expert on aging. The fountain of youth and myths appealed to personal vanity. The Soviet Union asserted that people supposedly living into their or in the the birthplace of proved the superiority of communism. Some yogis in claimed to be 200 or drawing followers to their religious beliefs. A person claiming to be of extreme age could also draw great attention and could be a source of pride and reverence for a a a country. Not all told deliberate and colleagues wrote in a 2010 study. Some who purported to be 110 or older were convinced of their having been told so by the study said. Or they had forgotten as they grew older an intentional or erroneous change in their birth date from a long time a sociologist who has done field work in said older people tend to relate their ages to historical or other events in the past. the they have a tendency to orchestrate their age as it suits said a professor emeritus at University in New is always relative and rarely Pal said that his long life had nothing to do with fabricating his age. His secret was herbal chutney and seasonal fruit that ripened in sunshine. He avoided fried even tea and coffee. make you empty from he said. He grew sugar cane and slept on a hard bed to keep his back straight and awakened at 4 in the morning after retiring at 11 He began running while herding cows when he was a teenager. Even now he tried to run four to five kilometers a day. may compete until said. He said he had been inspired by supposedly the first centenarian to complete a marathon. He had seen him on television and read about him in newspapers. he have broken all of his His was between 90 and 95. He had three four daughters and 21 though one of his suggestions for good besides was to late and produce no more than two He was not competing for his own Pal said. am trying to increase the pride of my he said. body is dedicated to my At hours before he was to run the John dressed in a track suit and shuffled a couple of laps in his backyard. A retired he had built a small earthen track years ago amid the bottle brush trees and geraniums. Sixty laps equaled a mile. He had used the track when recovering from injury or when his was sick. With his poor he did not have to worry about getting lost or being hit by a car. if Alma needed he was right there. He mowed his yard and spread grass clippings on the sandy soil to make it spongy for his thick legs. Alma had died four years ago after struggling with arthritis and liver cancer. John quit running in 2005 to take care of her. She had let him compete all over the he and he wanted to her see I thought more of her than my Into his had kept a rigorous training schedule. If it he rode an exercise bike in the backyard shed until the weather cleared. he headed into the bush to run in soft using a power line overhead to keep him from straying off course. Sometimes he markings on the road. Like Pal he avoided tobacco and alcohol. His comeback for the world masters championships seemed a natural curtain call for a brilliant career. was his adopted hometown. But he had not been able to train as fully as he saying he had been slowed by prostate a bladder infection and a chest infection. He fretted about a bag that would protrude below his running shorts. had tried to run two or three kilometers each waking early and circling the perimeter of his brick home. Each lap was precisely 80 meters. age always had said in his kitchen the previous displaying various medications and supplements he had been taking. shocking. No matter how hard you it beats He had the stamina to keep but speed eluded him as if it were a baton he could not grasp in a relay. seize said. you lose your you fall over. If you how do you get But his as a prisoner of war and as a had been give Eight hundred meters on the track would equal 10 laps around his house. least going to he said. just hope I embarrass Four runners were scheduled in the 95-99 age group. was particularly concerned about a fellow and a former professional runner. Carbon had not run in 50 years but was also tempted out of retirement by the world masters championships. The night before the had felt a bit restless. He had struggled to get to worried about of all things. too let him he had said of Carbon. a young As arrived at the he said he felt a bit nervous. He wore a green and gold the colors of It was a perfect spring a bit of chill in the shade. He had worried needlessly. Carbon withdrew from the 800 to concentrate on the sprints. Two other runners in the 95-99 age group also citing injury and illness. So two age groups were combined. was paired with a trim who wore a black bathing suit decorated with soccer balls and the logo of the 1990 World Cup in with a spoke and told vivid stories complete with sound effects. He said he had been a wood cutter who fought in in World War II. He hugged volunteers and drank brown liquid from a water bottle. he was asked. he said. Before the the two men shook hands. bowed. He seemed keeping his legs wide and stiff as if running on stilts. But his form was overcome by determination and stamina. had already won the race. he took the lead. Because the men were in different age each would receive a gold medal if he crossed the finish line. persisted with a style. He had not been on a track in more than a decade and was no longer accustomed to the long straightaways. Wind gusted in his face along the backstretch. As both men headed toward the the small crowd began clapping and rose to its feet. the race is not athletics. This is more an example of the human crossed first in 8 minutes 59.53 seconds. finished in A small smile creased his face. Each runner sat in a chair and had a cup of water. really pleased that I managed to said. Gold medals were placed around the necks in separate ceremonies. Each stood atop the podium as his national anthem was played. told She and her Sue a marathoner at the 1996 had been coached by brought her two children to watch him run and gave him a kiss on the cheek. was standing on their said. on a longtime touched on the shoulder and people are out there. They want to see Two more races remained on but there would be no meeting with Pal in the 400. The runner did not show up for the 100. He said by telephone that he had received travel money from supporters but had not received an official entry card for the meet. So he could not obtain a visa. There were no official entry officials said. Was this an excuse by A The mystery deepened. have any regrets for said. I regret that my going to would have increased the pride of There was other bad news. a or civil in the district where Pal said that the authorities had received a complaint about him last year. It was related to an award he was to receive and whether he was eligible. found his claim about his age as said. A school transfer certificate had been found. Based on the he Pal was or And he was not illiterate. The age was corrected on election but he continued to use an old card hide his the civil servant said. This seemed to verify something a reporter had noticed earlier. said he was illiterate but he could clearly read signs on the New metro rail system and emails on his mobile phone. love to know just what age the man the president of World Masters said. from 80 years and he would be without a ran so well that he would probably still be competing in 10 predicted. Sandy the chief record laughed. make him said.
Trump sent conflicting messages about his hopes for the supreme court on saying he will appoint justices who will send abortion rights to the but conceding he was with marriage equality it was already Trump's immigration start by deporting 3 million Read made the comments in his first broadcast interview as with 60 which aired on evening. Trump also suggested he might retain parts of and said that he intends to deport as many as 3 million undocumented migrants with criminal supreme court has had eight members since the death of conservative justice in Senate Republicans have refused to even consider nominee for the Garland. The vacant seat became a central campaign issue for and host asked Trump whether he would appoint a supreme court justice who wanted to overturn Roe v the 1973 case that upheld the right to Trump said. going to happen. going to The judges will be he to do with abortion if it ever were it would go back to the states. So it would go back to the That did not mean women would not be able to get an Trump but perhaps have to have to go to another see what he added. got a long way to just so you understand. That has a long way to Trump suggested that women should face form of for having before reversing and saying states and Congress should lead by whether he supported marriage which was made law by the supreme court in v Hodges in Trump suggested the case did not concern him to the degree of Roe v he it was already settled. law. It was settled in the supreme court. I mean governor Mike has opposed marriage throughout his and supported programs that purport to change sexual orientation. Pence also signed a religious freedom law that sought to allow people to refuse service to couples because of religious convictions. said he considered the matter resolved. cases have gone to the supreme he said. been settled. fine with Twitter Why elected was on the other about gun saying he wanted to stack the supreme court with justices that would defend those rights. talking about the second amendment and trying to dice it up and change going to be very Trump lists priorities as he insists Republicans have Read advocates last won a major battle in the supreme court in the 2008 case District of v which ended with a 5-4 ruling written by that broadly affirmed the personal right to firearms and overturned a ban in discussed a number of another issues in the including the brutal nature of the election campaign. you have to be he discussing his and choice of words in clashes with opponent and exchanges with whom he met at the White House on and wish for conciliation if he was still planning to appoint a special prosecutor to look into use of a private email a threat to which he added possible jail time when he made it in the second debate last he said he would about he to on all of these other things that been talking supreme marriage 
Peep West become the first team to win a Premier League match at since Arsenal in 2015. They deserved their with and scoring excellent goals. are 14 points off the leaders but who cares. The afterglow of 2015-16 will sustain their fans for a few decades yet. Thanks for your night. Foster and celebrate after the game. min The impressive is replaced by min There will be five added minutes. 90 min Brunt is booked for 88 min cross drifts wide of the far post. Foster solves a calculus problem before taking the 87 min is replaced by is booked for a good foul on the breaking 86 min Foster bursts from his line to just beat to nice through pass. 86 min as Smith points out on has put in an outstanding shift without the ball. what the modern needs to do as demonstrated most impressively by 85 min When you see Tony patrolling the touchline with such infectious hard not to wonder whether he makes love in that baseball cap. 83 min A West who has played really well and scored the second is replaced by 81 min Beautiful play from who beats on the right of the area and stands up a cross to who heads straight at Foster from 12 yards. 78 min After a dizzying run from Gray goes over in the box under challenge from It looked and there was no great penalty but there was a bit of contact. 75 min If it stays like West will jump from 17th to 11th in the game of Snakes Ladders that is the Premier League table. 74 min Mild farce in the West area. tries to clear dangerous low cross but kicks it against his standing and Foster has to bounce to his left to stop the 73 min not actually watching the but it does warm my heart to see name in the says glad recovered and back in the team. a fine understated and As someone with no strong opinion on either positive or someone always enjoyed watching. not a complete but some magic in that left foot. Like a you want to Yes indeed. See also R. West lead played a dreadful that ushered through on goal. He outpaced drew and the ball teasingly over him and into the net. Lovely finish. scores the second for West 70 min header from a West corner is palmed round by It might have been going wide anyway but he played it safe. The resulting corner almost leads to West with it towards goal and clearing off the line. 67 min plays a good pass to who tries one too many his 14th and loses possession. look very dangerous now though. 66 min Another Gray replaces 64 min King plays a great pass to who beats with a and clips a cross that is headed behind for a corner. 61 min stung into action by going are on top for the first time. The West players must learn the dangers of scoring a goal. 60 min has a header kicked off the line by though been for using a West defender as a stepladder. 57 min King plays a good pass inside for the speedy who eschews the shot and tries to find instead. His attempted cutback takes a nick off and away from That was a great chance. reacts to his missed chance. Images with a simple goal. curled in an excellent ball from the right towards who looked offside but strained his neck muscles to thump a header back across Foster. another excellent finish. The replay shows it was extremely tight as to whether he was offside or not. heads home. And celebrates scoring the 54 min a break from getting emails from conspiracy you should definitely cover US election gives West the steering an excellent header across from cross. He has been the best attacking player on the pitch and that was a fine goal. celebrates scoring the opener. 51 min produces a beautiful first touch to kill a dropping ball in the but blocks his subsequent shot. 49 min harasses into conceding a corner. West counter from that with eventually breaking beyond and into the box. comes across to make a crucial tackle. 47 min earns West an early corner. Brunt makes a total of it. 46 min Peep begin the second kicking from right to left. They have a shot on or off target in the first half. substitution is coming on for think we need to see these sort of sterile performances as the necessary manure on the strawberries of their victory in the cup with the big ears as it will be the says The necessary manure for a necessary manure for a... says I be the only one hoping one of the regulars like yourself will be promoted to do the Guardian live If you can do a a wee political is probably a plus you guys are used to covering last minute narrating lulls in and pepping things up with pertinent clips. Hell the Presidential Election has even got Red Team v Blue Team like those tactically intriguing games you used to get all the you stuck in 2005 like became a criminal in in black white asks Peter County and Not navy blue and white West At least they changed to an or kit for no good my mistake. But I must that is a very dark blue. ever put me through that again. after watching the first half... via Images 43 min West have been the better with providing a of attacking but it has essentially been a dog of a match. 40 min in the free eight roles for asks are they just playing with is more of an autonomous 8.5 37 min Strictly between this game is not entirely compelling. 34 min demonstrates his ridiculous burning off with ease down the left. He gets into the box but his cross hits a defender and rebounds off him for a 32 min a strange time to be a fan at the says majority of fans are indifferent to at best and hostile at yet just been given a new deal. We have new but seems quite sure how going to pan out. quite sure what the future think he deserves a lot more respect. I suppose easy to say that from afar. But I do think the chances of you being relegated will increase significantly when he leaves. 29 min plays a good ball wide to He faces up and then curls a beautiful cross into a very dangerous area. misses with an attempted diving and behind him stretches to clear. 27 min the best player on the pitch so plays a good wide to His cross skims across the just evading 26 min And some West porn. 23 min This feels really especially for a match involving the champions. In lieu of any notable action in some porn from 1996. If and did this... 21 min A good curling cross from skims off the head of who mistimed his jump slightly at the far post. 19 min know how when you get dumped or laid off you obsessively recollect the hours preceding the bad thing and bemoan your says an ideal analogy for what trying to get across as we know full well on wind up with one of a Wall Street warmonger and but we might still look back wistfully on this always have two banks of an emblem of the good times. 18 min all West The influential plays an excellent through ball towards who is beaten to the ball by the 17 min makes a crucial defensive header to deny Brunt a clear chance. It came after a fine break from West sprayed the ball out left to who curled a nice cross towards Brunt at the far post. He would have had a simple headed chance from six yards but for intervention. 13 min The keeper over a and hits his clearance into the back of from where it loops over the bar for a 12 min goes down for a little while after wearing right elbow. It deliberate they were both jumping for a high ball but it was a fair smack. 11 min A good spell of possession for until his ball towards 7 min West have been the better side so far. Even this early in the motivation for Premier League games must be an issue for 3 min An early chance for West with picking up a loose ball and drilling an excellent cross shot that draws a subtle save from It was barely perceptible at first but replays showed a fingertip touch that diverted the ball wide of the post. 2 min The fans sing of never sing to the supporters of 1919-20 champions West 1 min Peep West kick off from right to left. They are in are in blue. Fans and players observe a silence before Images Some to claim draw for at Arsenal on return Read more His name is Hello. All the football knew would not so much defend their title as let it drift away. just what happens with surprise champions. As with in 1992-93 and in almost all of problems have been away from home. Their form at the King Power Stadium has been with three wins and a draw against and most will expect them to beat West side drew here last and their innate solidity gives them a chance in any game. They are 17th in the table but a win would put them 11th and above off is
The lives of the first people I think of on Remembrance are my My uncle by said these words to me a few years ago. been seeing each other as I worked on a Dear Jelly Family Letters from the First World that reproduces the letters written by his uncles to their and being his mother. Her and had enlisted soon after the first world war began and kept in touch with the family by a different sort of letter arrived at the family home in early 1916. The War Office informed the family that of the Royal Rifles Corps was missing in after an trench raid on the eve of the Battle of the Perhaps there was reason for hope he might be lying injured in a field hospital in or have been taken prisoner by the passed with no further information. Lady tried to find out more. Later that her connections led to a strange interview. She was given permission to talk to a now a prisoner of war in England. He had been defending the trench that was raided by members of battalion and he was able to confirm that there was no reason for hope. had died during the raid and the officer had identified him by the bill in his tunic pocket. One small consolation he could offer the family was that had been buried and his grave marked. was of fallen soldiers released to mark battle's centenary Read brother survived the and continued to fight in the playing his part in the Royal Field Artillery and rising to the rank of captain. He wrote many amusing often illustrated with drawings to make his sisters laugh. Then tragedy struck again when he caught flu in a hospital while recovering from a gunshot wound. He aged just days short of the Armistice in than a million servicemen fighting with the or forces were injured or died during the Battle of the which ground to a halt in 1916. Like so many families across the had to learn to live with their loss. In the early they claimed the posthumous medals and they kept many of their letters. Just after was married in she ran across from the bridal gathered outside the to lay her wedding bouquet on the war memorial inscribed with her names. who changed her name to named her youngest son uncle after her brothers and her husband. The brothers may not have lived long but they are still Satire eluded us but it helped do the dishes Political Science by Randy Twitter Watch Randy perform Political Science I was growing for reasons that remain the family sound system was a car changer instead of a standard player. The decision about which 10 albums made the cut each fortnight or so was mostly allowing for a few bottom Mum got one there would always be one and one by Randy review a great songbook all by himself Read saw as a kindred shouldering the weight of the world and giving voice to it with sardonic He would often put on the Lonely at the before confronting his least the he would exhale noisily. are we going to It was assumed he was talking about the state of the not the was such a vivid presence in my family that my sister and I must have been his youngest fans to be just as familiar with his 1972 album Sail Away as with his work for knew all the words to his songs about the the great flood of 1927 before we had any idea what they were at least on the same page for Short which struck us as though at the time of its saw it as blatant about foreign was our the big one we called mistaking its chorus for its up in the melodies and the more obvious jokes save want to hurt no his satire mostly went over our was only as I got older that I appreciated the cleverness of and how it may have shaped the and of a generation of my a few years my mum asked us to write our thoughts on the future in permanent marker on for reasons that remain struggling with the nature of the wrote a lost love to My golden the butter into a saucepan and melt it slowly over a hot ring. Add the syrup and water. Bring slowly to the stirring occasionally. Continue boiling until the mixture breaks crisply when a little is tested in cold water in a saucer. Remove from the stir in the cream of tartar and pour into an oiled or greased flat tray. When half mark into inch squares. When remove from the break across the dust with icing sugar and store in a tin. I say but I think you will store it for long. Twitter Golden butterscotch store it for Stock front room door of my childhood farmhouse looked almost good enough to eat. Last varnished and at the turn of the 20th century to resemble the grain pattern of a the initials of the craftsman and a date were just visible beneath the middle panel AH 1906. His handiwork remained untouched for half a resulting in the varnish becoming a richer golden brown with each passing decade. By the time I was in it in my a gigantic slab of my aged maiden which she made for me as a special a month before the end of the afternoon I was given my own small tin. At after blowing out the candle or turning down the wick of the I snuggled between cotton under the wool eiderdown and the patchwork quilt. I removed a gold ingot from my treasure chest. I began to suck wanting to make the last for voice from the bottom of the your teeth again before you go to golden end to a golden love to hear your will pay for every Letter Snapshot or We Love to Eat we publish. Write to Family The Kings 90 or email Please include your address and phone world 
wounds and propensity for public meltdowns had pushed the needle toward according to recent polls. That may have changed a little in the aftermath of the renewing of its email probe last week. But even the fears of many voters that a Trump presidency might become a reality have fears are not unfounded. failings as a candidate and a person are and he would be in a position to wreak considerable havoc if elected. especially true at the agency with the judiciary and in other arenas where the president can wield executive power. The aspect of his personality poses risks that be nor can anyone know the degree to which congress would be inclined to obstruct or approve his most damaging has been lost in the salacious and obsessive media coverage of the Republican outrageous bigoted remarks and appeal to the worst instincts of the is a critical examination of what a administration will mean for the nation. The information on tangled interests within the evidence of influence peddling and revelations detailing manipulation of media and the democratic signal a plutocratic style of governance that is all too familiar and increasingly dominant at the federal content of what has been revealed in these as well as her lengthy track record in government and policy statements as a candidate yield an inescapable represents the entrenched interests of the status quo. Her election will expand the excesses of global interventionism and corporate welfare that have characterized US policies for several decades at almost incalculable cost both domestically and the has engaged in the type of one expects of presidential especially Democrats who seek to counter the image as weak on defense. She has agitated against President on and and reiterated her belief in responsibility to the rationale used to selectively promote the elitist economic agenda that she has so faithfully pursued over the years even as the exercise of that dubious mission has resulted in widespread devastation in the Middle South and elsewhere. A muddled and hypocritical foreign policy has created bitter enemies across the globe and angered US yet supports the rudderless and demonstrably ineffective efforts of President without a hint of and tragic wars in and continue to extract a heavy and though opposition to those wars helped propel into the focus on ending them and preventing new ones has been blurred by the ongoing the War on Terror. In reality little more than an extension of other armed conflicts the US has waged around the the deadly manifestations of the War on Terror have largely been met with silence approval from much of what passes for the progressive movement. self destruction has provided a smoke screen for those on the left and the more moderate elements on the right who might ordinarily question unabashed for a continuation of these modified strategies. Beyond the historical enthusiasm for but not fair trade even while waffling on the gives credence to the belief that she will sacrifice the welfare of workers here and abroad for the unfettered profits of the business elites whom she has always served. In the face of documented inhumane labor practices and other related human rights abuses around the the administration and those preceding it have steadfastly refused to demand changes as conditions of honoring trade agreements. As Secretary of had an opportunity to honor and promote the rights of working people around the world but failed to do so. Why would anyone expect her to change The inflammatory rhetoric and actions of both and Trump stand in sharp contrast to the platform and orientation of the Green which offers the only alternative in this election that will move decisively to draw down US military interventions abroad and reduce the military budget to a sane level while redirecting increasingly scarce resources to rebuild the frayed social safety net and help those most in need here at home. This election is about far more than our collective distaste for a and trading the noxious buffoonery and personal insults of Trump for the clear and present danger of corporatist logic is no at all. elections 
With less than 48 hours left until election basketball legend made his most public display of support for at a rally in on I was beaten for holding a against sign Read a champion and small forward for the took the stage with before thousands of mostly young to refer to the former secretary of state as the next president of the United also surprised the crowd of roughly 4,000 by bringing with him teammate who helped him bring its first title in brief cited the work of his charitable which seeks to help describing his mission as my kids an opportunity to feel like they are with my giving kids the notion that someone about that what they dream that someone like myself and and President can make their dreams become a reality is very important to placing an emphasis on the word while cracking a smile and eliciting a round of cheers from the audience. believe that this woman right here can continue he praised for his charitable work before delving into her stump though not without taking stock of the tell you how exciting it is for me to have and as part of the team that is going to take us to the White she before the news on afternoon that the had found no criminal wrongdoing in newly discovered emails relating to use of a private server while secretary of the campaign aides spent the day projecting confidence as a election cycle neared its end. They did so by touting what they said was a superior ground game to that of opponent saying such work was the key to propelling the former secretary of state to the Trump prepared to blitz the country in the final 48 hours of the with stops in at least 10 including Democratic continued to target the handful of battlegrounds that offer her a path to victory on The appearance with followed stops in and New campaign also confirmed her schedule for the day prior to the with two stops in including a rally in with former president Bill and and a visit to and a final rally in North at unveiled an itinerary that resembled a mad dash for 270 electoral votes. The Republican was scheduled to hit New North and even the Democratic stronghold of campaign manager said the contrast was a testament to the many paths open for to clinch victory on 8 and a culmination of a ground game and turnout operation built over the last 18 demonstrates the enormous amount of room we have to maneuver in the told reporters aboard campaign plane on are slowly building up a lead that will be harder and harder for Trump to think looking at schedule versus our schedule is pretty emblematic of how approaching this strategically. Trump is basically going of activities in the final days centered on galvanizing black voters and young voters. While voters overwhelmingly support she is struggling to meet the turnout enjoyed by in 2008 and event with who endorsed in an last was one of rallies yet. On she appeared at a concert with Jay Z and also in appeared in a version of trademark suit to deliver a message focused on the appeal to female was a time when a opinion did not she said. than 100 years women did not have the right to vote. Look how far from having no voice to being on the brink of making history. I want my daughter to grow up seeing a woman lead our and know that her possibilities are limitless. And that is why with capped off at yet another this time a concert with in that also saw actress director and former secretary of state in attendance. whose hit song Roar is a staple at has campaigned in several critical swing told the roughly 10,000 fans in that her parents were lifelong Republicans. not about where you come about what you grow she creator of Scandal and implored those gathered to translate their enthusiasm into action at the polls on know I make a lot of But the she said. is not a show. is real. And so is campaign said it had seen an increase in voting among but also touted record early voting among another core Democratic voters. In and both key swing turnout among voters surged in recent analysis of voting in said was poised for a historic advantage among such voters. In early voting in one county remained open until on to accommodate a mostly crowd who queued up for at least two hours to cast their ballots. For it was an opportunity not simply to show their support for but also to block who has routinely made disparaging comments about from the White House. Twitter just wanted to show a protester relives Trump attack at her final stop in on stopped by an early voting site in a West neighborhood dominated by voters to thank them for their support. She was accompanied by a actor and singer born in to immigrants. My year with covering a curiosity that became a dark phenomenon Read shaking hands and snapping moved on to one of her campaign field in an area known as Little has been close to my heart for a very long she she did not mention the work in the island the former secretary of state expressed her desire work with leaders in the community to really see the best way to be that good final rally in the battleground was brought short by rain. A torrential downpour in Pines meant was only able to address the crowd at a park for less than eight minutes. The held in a county that is a Democratic saw hundreds of supporters awaiting for nearly two hours prior to her took the the sun appeared to emerge. But as she pressed on with her stump the weather took another turn. Taking the events in her laughed while gesturing in the air. Throwing up her hands at the clouds above she skipped her closing want to be the president for as many in the audience fled for shelter under nearby tents. get vote for the elections 
The union has accused of misleading its drivers by claiming last tribunal decision on working conditions only affects two drivers involved in the a an employment tribunal agreed with two drivers for the that drivers were not and should receive the living annual leave and other benefits. has said it will appeal against the and brought the case on behalf of a group 19 workers who argued they were employed by the company and not working for themselves. Lawyers said the victory would affect their fellow drivers and have implications for tens of thousands of workers in the gig the said sent an email to its 40,000 drivers on signed by its regional general manager for northern who was by the tribunal judges for using and for being to her Guardian view on the gig obligations not excuses to workers are needed Editorial Read email to the drivers you may be earlier this year a small number of brought a claim to challenge their status with Although we have today heard that this challenge has been successful at this first very important to note that decision only affects two individuals and will be appealing will be no change to your partnership with in light of this decision and we will continue to support the overwhelming majority of drivers who tell us that they use the to be their own boss and choose when and where to tribunal judges dismissed claim that its operation was a mosaic of thousands of small businesses linked by a technology platform as They said resorted to twisted language and even brand new to portray their drivers as their the tribunal judges singled out for criticism and quoted from Hamlet to cast doubt on her spoke of assisting the drivers to their but no driver is in a position to do anything of the unless growing his business simply means spending more hours at the wheel. Reflecting on the and on the grimly loyal evidence of Ms in we cannot help being reminded of Queen most celebrated lady doth protest too legal after the judge found Ms evidence lacked credibility and described her as she continues to try and advance a misleading and false set of facts. The judgment applies to 40,000 not two. Ms might be wise to think how this judgment reflects on her before she issues any more will take the case to the employment appeal and following its decision there could be further hearings in the court of appeal and then the supreme court. Any payments due to drivers will not be calculated until that process is drivers with the firm will not automatically receive payouts if the company accepts the it will have to change its contracts to avoid more cases being brought by drivers. Lawyers say that terms and conditions are similar for all of its also rejected claim that its drivers earned an average an hour and that most wanted to keep the flexibility their current contracts judgment in no way affects driver it merely guarantees them basic employment rights. decision to appeal that is purely related to protecting their ample profits and nothing to do with protecting the other cases are likely to follow the judgment. Cycle couriers are making similar claims against firms including and Excel. Law firms are also talking to workers at which delivers meals by cycle and spokesman ruling would affect the two drivers that were the test cases in the tribunal. while we appeal this drivers that use the remain independent and able to choose when and where they 
I queued in the early hours outside to buy some of its new range by designer I spent just over on items for my three intended as was disappointed that the receipt showed that for items there is only a window for returns or exchanges. Yet the same receipt says has extended its refund policy until the end of allowing others who like a gift to return them. this effectively dilute With the season of goodwill and joy and shopping worth reiterating to readers that retailers are under no obligation to accept returns unless they are but luckily most will provide a goodwill returns policy over designer collaborations are always more strict than regular returns because of the huge so it is unfortunate timing that these annual jamborees tend to be on the eve of the festive season. as you three days for purchases from stores is a tight window says this policy is clearly displayed at till points as well as on receipts. to the increased demand of our designer reserves the right to amend our returns policy to three not including faulty items that can still be within 28 days. This does not affect our statutory rights and we ensure these guidelines are clearly communicated on sales receipts and throughout our a statement by purchasers those who actually managed to buy this range the website crashed on launch are in a better position as they will have 28 days to complete their but still with the likelihood of falling short before This might be unfair but underlines the fact that you should always check returns policies in advance. We just hope you end up dressed head to toe in welcome letters but cannot answer individually. Email us at or write to Consumer the 90 Please include a daytime phone 
Candidates sprint to the finish election whose outcome could hinge on the turnout of voters in key states like and is drawing to a close. Democratic candidate will end her campaign with a rally in the battleground state of North at while Republican candidate Trump will close with an event in Grand Around a third of ballots at least across 48 states have been cast in early according to the Associated Press. The election still appears to be on she led Trump in a tracking in an Street Journal poll and in a Consult poll. retains edge over Trump in final cleared has determined that a new batch of emails linked to private email server not changed our that she committed no criminal wrongdoing. A spokeswoman said the candidate was this matter is but Trump cast doubt on whether the had even carried out its work. review 650,000 emails in eight he told a campaign rally in director troubles are only just beginning. The latest episode may have cost his chief his writes has found no criminal wrongdoing in new I was beaten for a against tells how his plan to hold up a protest sign at a Trump rally in Reno on ended in violence and the involvement of the Secret Service. Twitter just wanted to show a protester relives Trump attack at ways the US election could play are Trump not only loses battleground states of North and he hemorrhages support losing losing even states where Republicans have simply never lost in the modern era. Trump wins the 270 electoral college votes he needs with a surprise victory in the upper despite failing to win and In this Trump owes his electoral life to white voters especially rural white voters. Five ways the US election could play out Support our independent people are reading the Guardian than ever but far fewer are paying for it. And advertising revenues are falling fast. So you can see why we need to ask for your help. The investigative journalism takes a lot of money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our perspective matters because it might well be your too. Support the Guardian with a monthly or a first female US attorney dies age one of the highest profile figures of Bill whose tenure included the and died early on from complications associated with disease. A former prosecutor who famously told reporters do Reno served nearly eight years as attorney the longest stint in a century. Reno frequently told the public buck stops with first female US attorney dies aged complete guide to US ballot it comes to the important issues marijuana and condoms direct democracy rules the day. There are more than 150 statewide measures on the ballot on 8 and scores more and initiatives for voters to decide on. Nine including and will vote on legalizing marijuana. In voters will choose between executing death row prisoners faster while in a utility ballot could restrict the ability of homeowners to sell electricity they create through solar panels. marijuana and a complete guide to US ballot intimidation fears stoked in the controversial sheriff of who has been charged with criminal contempt in a racial discrimination is preparing to deploy his deputies at polling stations on election day in a move that voting rights activists warn amounts to intimidation. is a recipe for warned president of the Commission for Election Accountability. consistently treat voters differently based on the color of their so why would they do any differently on election fuels voter intimidation fears with the road with independent said the toxic nature of the 2016 campaign pushed him to declare his quixotic which has upended the race in a state that voted Democrat in more than half a century. The former operative is second in the polls behind Trump and insists he can win six electoral votes and push his way into the White you met On the trail with unlikely evangelist to the is a evangelical and atmospheric scientist on a mission to persuade skeptics that humans are frying the planet and time is running out to stop it. While most US climate scientists live amid constant believes she is enduring an acute level of abuse because she reaches parts of the population many of her peers cannot reach. Can she get her message climate takes to the web to convert on stronghold US military officials have met their counterparts in to seek approval for the launch of a move to isolate stronghold of An alliance of and armed groups the Democratic Forces announced on that the isolation of had started as part of a pincer movement designed to defeat not just in but in the second city of seeks backing for operation in case you missed it Motor City built the oil capital fueled them and was carved up by freeways in their honor. Yet now all three cities are pushing cycling and the use of public transport. So does this mean love affair with the car is finally road will the US ever kick the car US 
I ordered and paid in full for a mixed case of beer from Beer Hawk It promised but I still have my beers 10 days and the order tracker showed that my case had not even left the warehouse. Replies from Beer Hawk are but occasionally it responds to emails and promises that the beers will be sent out but they never are. Looking at the most recent posts on there are a lot of other dissatisfied customers. also seen quite a lot of negative feedback on its but it gets deleted after a day or so. If only it were as quick dispatching the beer as it is deleting critical When I check the status of my order it remains I have been an occasional Beer Hawk customer and was thinking about ordering more but I feel so let down by the poor I with I will have to go elsewhere. Beer Hawk is a specialist beer retailer that claims it the best beer from a range of more than 500 but a quick search confirms that customers have had difficulties with delivery and customer we got in someone answered the phone promptly and noted your which led to and director contacting us. He explained that the company has just moved premises and has also been upgrading its warehouse management which led to a small number of orders including yours being delayed for six days beyond normal lead times. But admits it failed to respond quickly enough to your emails and also failed its own response target. He experience has been below the standards we expect of and I have spoken to him offering a full refund and asked him to accept the beer he ordered for free as a token of our customer service is a fundamental part of what we do as a business and we ask customers to independently review our service. Beer Hawk scores an average of 4.7 out of 5 and the additional investment in a new warehouse and systems is intended to drive that even higher. It is hugely frustrating that some customers have suffered a blip in the short term and I have to ML welcome letters but cannot answer individually. Email us at or write to Consumer the 90 Please include a daytime phone 
This ought to have been big moment. The chance for redemption after allowing himself to be suckered into an unpleasant and hapless campaign to be elected mayor. The chance to show he is a politician of integrity who afraid to stand up to his own party on the big turned out to be the resignation that May was expecting it. She had made a point of scuttling out of the Commons seconds before Goldsmith got up to public embarrassments are always best avoided. His constituency association was expecting it and had even emailed its members to say he was going to resign. The only MP in the House who expecting to use the transport statement as the stage for his resignation speech condemning the decision turned out to be himself. started declaring that the government had made the wrong that expansion was doomed because of rising costs and legal complications and would be a constant source of anger and betrayal. Twitter Goldsmith resigns after to third paused for dramatic effect and the government front bench waited for the coup grace. and ... and stuttered. I really like believe his luck. been told to prepare for the worst and all got was a little light flak. Who cared if resigned later in the It have nearly the same impact as if done so in the house. had blown it. And with and Greening kept out of the chamber by some of the worst attack he was going to get was a few sharp remarks from the usually If only the transport secretary had known he going to encounter any have sounded rather more upbeat as he went through the motions of trying to explain why the government had finally run out of ideas for how to delay making a decision on airport expansion in the As it he had bumbled along bumbling is one of trademarks as if he was in a remedial reading class for students with as a second language. government is not afraid of taking the difficult he had insisted. Even if it took them the best part of six years to get round to doing so. by taking this decision we have taken and are all very pleased apart from those who we are showing that is open for Every time a minister declares that is open for they give the impression they really think it might not Goldsmith quits as MP over expansion decision Read more meandered on. airport is able to be he declared in a rare display of confidence. Nothing gets past the transport secretary. will definitely be more noisy than it otherwise might have been. But we have studied new supplementary evidence that shows it be quite as noisy as some people seem to think it will Much of the evidence the transport secretary provided for this was that the tube the and were already so overcrowded that no one would be able to get to the airport in time to make use of the extra capacity. The longer he went the better the case he appeared to be making for know that some members be that happy with the he continued. what the government proposes to do is to do nothing for another year so that and can go around moaning for a bit before falling into line when everyone no longer cares. And to those who say the government has deliberately slowed the project I just say this. The opposite is not the Make that as third language. There were no mentions of costs apart from a promise to use expensive steel rather than dumped steel but no one else in the house was that bothered. Twitter third runway is is largely only an emotive issue for a few from the home counties and The rest that bothered if everyone in chokes to death and get a wink of sleep just as long as they still get to fly from Most seem to believe that is some kind of world war aerodrome somewhere way out in the sticks. Geography the strong point of many it turns after further that there are good reasons not to proceed with said Conservative whose constituency is on the I have assurances that the government will change its said not going through all that politics third 
the vantage point of the second floor of print the prospects for presidential campaign do not look so bad. Every two weeks the Citizens of County for Good a conservative meets here primarily to discuss campaigning on local issues. Nationally is ahead in most regionally they suggest she is mounting a challenge in states such as and even where Democrats won in early voting is on balance looking promising for the But when I ask the 12 people in the room how many still think he has a they nearly all raise their reader of this project suggested I contact who told necessarily think the polls are rigged. But I think a hidden vote and people are giving the answer they think people want to hear rather than how actually be inclined to Trump supporters are waiting to cause an goes the theory. To the members the alternative that Trump loses is unthinkable. she gets elected says and then shakes her head where the end of her sentence might be. seriously be thinking about voting for that woman. I mean what in the world ... What can they be lot of what done and said is says when you compare it to what done not makes me worry about the intelligence of some of these says you fix says More than 50 million people are likely to vote for even if he goes down in flames. It would be unhelpful to about all of reducing them to caricature only to dismiss them. Something is happening here and it behooves people to try to understand whether or not they like it. From interviews with a range of Trump voters in clear most are not blind to his even if they necessarily describe them in the manner of his detractors. The was originally set up to repeal property taxes in which the group argued were exorbitant. After a successful they gained the ear of the governor and won a cap on property taxes and transformed themselves into a local group rallying around local issues. Mostly small businessmen and half half all it feels like a reconstitution of the Tea Party. Good in this means small with Democratic administration under investigation by the for corruption they feel like they are pushing at an open door and would push harder if the local Republican hierarchy were not so reticent. The atmosphere in the room is these are not just ideological with a keen sense of civic engagement two are running for local office and the conversation touches on water sewage rates and contracts among other things but also a couple had wanted Trump to win in the Republican primaries earlier this year. Most preferred the who has tried to style himself as a disruptor of Republican or the senator from would have been happier with almost anyone says wanted then then Trump would have almost been my last I ask if they are worried that he will do something embarrassing again they mostly laugh and who is retired and voted for says he thought Trump was an SOB when he was on The but his hunting buddies in southern persuaded him to take a second look and now thinking seriously of voting for who is in her early and training to be a variably describes Trump as and a who got in contact with the Guardian through this grew up in but moved away because she saw single parenthood or incarceration claiming her peers on the the white working class part of town and felt the need to escape. She now lives in the suburb of and probably would have voted for John one of the more moderate Republicans in the if she had registered for a party. hated Trump during the she says. was a Twitter A Trump and Pence election sign outside a house near downtown for the has only voted in a presidential race for in 2008. She is likely to vote for Trump but says of a white man. been supported in bigotry his entire life. been validated his entire life. And people wonder why he acts like this. No wonder he acts like local senior Republican tells me a bully. Everyone can see question of why they would vote for a man of whom they apparently have such a low opinion brings us to something else that connects most of their loathing of is a disdain of such depths that not a single virtue can be a contempt nurtured and tended with such animus and anomie over the decades that she has been in the public eye that any redeeming features she might claim have long been stripped away. he done anything says believes this moment is the culmination of a longstanding plot hatched by the several years ago. been planning this since she was in she do you let all this stuff asks referring to things has been accused of of late. crazy stuff going on in these emails if you read This is all the stuff the crazy people have been talking about for years and now it turns out most likely true ... a professional politician. How do you make millions of dollars as a supposed to be a civil is rare among Trump supporters in saying he could vote for if Trump were go off the deep end for the overwhelming hatred is their driving force. What they see as the apocalyptic scenario of running the country has them reaching for the largest immovable object to stop her. This cannot simply be dismissed as misogyny. Until just a couple weeks ago and Trump were running almost even among white while white women without college degrees still him 51-42. has she ever done for asks look at the kind of women she has standing behind Trump called a at the last debate he not only faithfully reflected their sentiments he actually understated it. They do not only think she is they think she is a cheating snob who will sell to the highest bidder and pocket the proceeds. Twitter Trump window sticker in for the look at things through the global says Will the head of the Republican party. lot of people are looking at as nothing good. laughable that she can relate to the middle class laughable. elitists. They have always have been elitists. They were elitists in They have just found a way to get ultra rich with that sham called the are policies of they like too. all the crap there are decent ideas but people see says have to go looking for them. his own fault. His position on tax trade reform not bad. And the plan to the Veterans a really good US Department of Veterans Affairs is the government agency that is supposed to provide including to those who have served in the military. It is so notoriously badly run that made improving it a campaign on The Daily Show. husband served in and has and hearing following an explosion. The care he is entitled to is hard to access and inadequate when he does get so he uses his health insurance they get home the just hands them pills and sends them says psychological pills one size fits all. You need therapy and treatment and not getting that. like a flow chart of pills. a mess. We have soldiers killing themselves in epic proportions and because waiting for the supreme court currently hanging in the ideological balance after the death of the conservative Justice left a split between liberal and conservative judges. can change our he says. see how anyone who calls themselves a can vote for her. Roe v and then she says for the second amendment but then tell you all the restrictions put on gun the economy is the biggest issue of all in a town like which lost much of its manufacturing base as companies moved south. About a third of what was once a thriving town lives in huge factory plants lie sitting like gigantic art installations depicting the era. The broad consensus is that the North Free Trade Agreement which trade between the and helped kill the economic life of this an agreement championed by Bill and supported by Twitter The Steel Wire Co used to employ 300 people but closed operations in 2002 and now only two staff members remain on site. for the drove me around the empty about the loss of both jobs and the tumbledown streets where his grandparents lived and the shuttered buildings where they and his father used to he tells me he helped load the last machines on to the trucks in nearby that took the jobs to not he said. the unions got greedy. That was part of it. And then did the why I like says jobs and everything. I think we need some of Do you think those jobs are coming I ask I he devastation wreaked by that is what felt the need to escape when she left have friends from high school who were incarcerated for bank robbery. One of the guys I went to high school was killed not so long ago. My best who has a on her own. just a mess. People addicted to drugs. nothing to do. a sad situation. textbook of how you create an inner the when all but a couple of the Republican contenders had dropped Trump did well on the where grew up. The white working class and particularly white men without a college degree among whom he leads by a whopping 60-21 form a significant part of core support. But it would be a mistake to conclude from that that he has the bulk of support in these areas. Trump supporters are generally wealthier than most and considerable wealthier than those who voted for Democrats Republicans by a significant margin during the primaries in if not all the precincts in the insurgent on the Democratic got more votes than Trump on the and even though lost to Sanders she far behind Trump in vote speaks up for the says explaining appeal to those she grew up with. is systemic racism but black people have advocates. Poor white people afraid. afraid that stupid. They feel they feel they want to offend people or say the wrong thing. But for them white privilege is like a blessing and a curse if poor. The whole idea pisses poor white people off because never experienced it on a level that they understand. hear privilege and you think money and opportunity and they have it. I understand how it works but I think most people do. So when Trump says they can understand what saying and he speaks to them in a way other people And then got people calling them stupid and deplorable. Well how long do you think you can call people stupid and deplorable before they get The view from 
Inescapably and has been invaded by . The Danish previously unknown to all but the most hardcore is now the subject of an avalanche of hundreds of newspaper and endless winter displays. Every story on the subject explains that the word defies literal before offering as a workable approximation not exactly but a feeling of calm togetherness and the enjoyment of simple perhaps illuminated by the gentle flicker of the least of the paradoxes of this which you might also call a wildly is that simply pronouncing it is almost impossible for tongues. The first mention of in any text where it sits so invitingly on the with its row of curvaceous descenders usually comes with a phonetic guide. This is in order to prevent readers from committing the of uttering or and are among the approximations offered in the nine books on published this autumn. suggests it should rhyme with titles of these carefully calibrated for The Danish Art of The Little Book of The Danish Way to Live A Celebration of Simple Living the Danish The Cozy Rediscover the Joy of Simple Things Through the Danish Concept of The Complete Guide to Embracing the Danish Concept of and Simple The Art of How to Bring Danish Cosiness Into Your How to the Secrets of The Book of The Danish Art of Living Keep Calm and A Guide to the Danish Art of Simple and conspiracy Read is the most striking publishing trend I can in terms of the sheer number of titles published at the same who writes about for the Bookseller told me. And there is also a 10th book a parody. Its publication was announced only 29 days after the first of the straight books came out. Say to How to Find Your Special Place suggests that the crucial word be pronounced This is not the only occasion when the parody is hard to distinguish from the volumes it is apparently as is the thing that everyone knows about the the word must now be almost by to any media story about anything remotely whether the subject is or working hours. The headlines are mostly absurd. Get With Hungry For Ten Reasons to It Will Make You Fitter and Give Your Home a There is even a New Statesman article titled The of Why I Find This Band Strangely to this now vast popular the creation of an atmosphere of is aided by meatballs and cardamom buns. Certain activities and often involving or are also said to promote feelings of One of the less sophisticated books suggests projects for making and a the latter to be fashioned from sequins and an old sock. Its advice to take up the activity of cycling is accompanied by a motivational quote from that byword of existential have seen used to sell cashmere vegan sewing a skincare festive harnesses for yoga retreats and a holiday in a in The Royal and in has even opened a Bar craft beer and open sandwiches a hard to pinpoint a definition for the Danish word proclaims the website. sits somewhere between warmth and cosiness and making the most of every away from worries. We wanted to borrow some of that and bring it to has been listed as a of the by both the and Oxford dictionaries alongside and in the annual exercise. Tremblings of a seen in skits such as a Daily Mash piece titled Is serve only to its ubiquity. The Daily Telegraph ran an article suggesting that readers adopt a version of the trend morning in I walked around John flagship store with its head of we ran our hands over throws and felt the nub of admired tableware that sharing and simplicity. The theme of the displays she warmth. Making sure things are ready to An early the store first promoted as a theme last autumn should have done it again this said Will I asked Will it be more than a flash in the definitely. People really want it and need it at the is catnip to social on there are almost posts of falling bowls of pumpkin soup and babies adorably wrapped in blankets. On there has been a rise of in pinning. Interest is especially strong in according to a spokeswoman for the where skyrocketed in this author of one of the books on called it second Viking But not quite has been deliberately imported and reinvented by eager The concept may be indelibly but the hype has been made in And amid the and frenzy of late this sudden taste for closing the door to the for retreating back to the is selling like has not arrived in our midst by accident. Its sudden presence in is a matter of deliberate inducement and persuasion. In its most visible manifestation the onslaught of books on the subject it is a trend that has been carefully concocted in the laboratory of publishing and then disseminated through the ready collaboration of an enthusiastic is book editors largely female and bright who created the formula of for a mass audience. The starting point for these young lifestyle alchemists was an article that appeared on the website in the first autumnal days of 2015. Its had been casting around for features and from the expanses of New Broadcasting four glassy floors above its newsroom. read about in popular memoir The Year of Living and heard the word on a cookery wondered whether I could work it up into a he told me so he In the word appeared in 40 pieces in national papers. This that figure has shot up to more than thought some people might think it was a slightly he said. In his published on 2 received over a million and was that day by only five stories two pieces on a school shooting in and articles on terrorism and cancer. It was a small island of cheer on a grim news day. The article was immediately followed up by others in the the Independent on and the the beginning of an extraordinary spike in in the word appeared in 40 pieces in national newspapers. This that figure has shot up to more than a bump of and not counting the huge proliferation of articles in and lifestyle person who saw the article was a publisher named Valentine. She was starting a new at the publishing conglomerate whose headquarters occupy an angular modern building on the north bank of the The article so many boxes on so many she said. with its crime its New its classic its consistent spot at the top of national happiness league was for a start. Then there was the notion in a time of that are looking to other cultures for guidance on how to live our lives. If you look at the lifestyle things like The Magic of Tidying which is inspired by Japan. Then there was last surprise a ode to the charms of aim was to publish books that would be bought by people who seemed like a perfect distillation of popular lifestyle obsessions beginning with has moved beyond being a publishing phenomenon and into being a way of and has fed into so many like books and adult She seemed to tie into an interest in digital So many recent she had been about and tidying eating. an antidote to all reflected on the publishing industry offering first one and then its as if handing out a sequence of uppers and downers. The industry loves repetitions and crossing one already popular book with so as to cook up a or designed to replicate the success of previous formulas. this context of it is perhaps inevitable that there is a book on the market this autumn. Watch for books about a word meaning lack of excess next last other editors were thinking similar thoughts. In the sleek art deco headquarters of Penguin Random and were on potential titles for their respective Penguin Life and Each had also spotted the they told when we met in a room off one of the echoing marble hallways. spend an embarrassing amount of my time flicking around the said at what people are reading and sharing on Twitter. is big for this. a case of looking at what people are talking the idea had been it was time to find writers but this was not a straightforward the notion of is so taken for granted in Danish language and culture that there was no cohort of authors or experts to call on. The editors had to either track down a willing or identify someone with tangentially related knowledge. Valentine contacted an agent she who suggested a writer on interiors and expert on design. approached political scientist who runs the Happiness Research a exactly the kind of thing the institute but the commission was since the association suggested to the reader that might help provide a shortcut to Danish levels of wellbeing. Happiness Research Institute has since become a ubiquitous presence in newspaper reports on the lending the imprimatur of social science to the found an actor in the Danish historical drama which had been shown on each of these the idea of writing about was unexpected told me his friends were amazed that anyone thought he could get a whole book out of the concept. was actually hoping to write a book about but she set about putting together a she had heard of but not given it much thought. I visited her at home in the she confessed that candles gave her was only at the end of through a colleague in the Penguin rights that and they were both publishing books on the same thing. despite the fact that they work in the same office and can see each other from their if they stand and look over the piles of Smiths and and The discovery necessitated a meeting over bad but it was a friendly not at said The have become the agents of the dissemination of Danish as if the idea had been invented in was actually quite told me because it meant was definitely interviewed for her book while he was working on The Little Book of though he let The first volume to come in was The Book of The Danish Art of Living published by which is also part of Penguin Random far book has been doing best a brisk trade at 46,000 copies in the according to Book and it is being published in 23 other countries. That means that the have become the agents of the dissemination of Danish as if the very idea had been invented in in a it book has its different takes a broadly sociological laced with disquisitions on interior design and cooking. is a notably pretty homey and scattered with reflections from ordinary writes as a foreigner investigating she combines expertise on Danish design with a approach about the search for contentment in her own for all the earnest cultural linguistic glosses and quotations from it is the more or less common in style to each that one falls hands cupping warm bicycles leaning against sheepskin rugs thrown over candles and summer trays of buns. To look at them is to long for that that that that stability for that of the imagination. Twitter A family relaxing together around a candlelit table you arrive in it quickly becomes clear that for is so omnipresent as to be almost invisible. It is used in numerous common phrases or is a common way of saying for example. It offers itself up elastically in verb and adjectival and is part of innumerable you can listen to have a sit in with perhaps enjoying There is a which to that to enjoy or authentic to with someone might mean to have a certain kind of sex not the As we walked down a street together in central chief executive of the newspaper answered her phone to her daughter. When she finished the brief call she told me that used used the adjectival form of three times kept telling her it would be to see sudden popularity abroad seemed both pleasing and bemusing to most of the I spoke as if there were a sudden craze in for books extolling the spiritual virtues of complete with an range of helpful accessories available for purchase. For its escape from national boundaries seemed a potential subject of study. should have an academic conference on the international fame of said an associate professor of linguistics at University. He believes he is the first person to have written an entire academic book chapter on the word from a linguistic perspective. surprised myself by being able to do he all its is also as a positive and particularly Danish value. Though the word itself is actually imported from its emergence as an element of national culture is sometimes traced back to loss of territory in the 18th and 19th when it was forced to abandon tracts of what are now and It is stitched deeper into its language than equivalents in countries as the and the and is firmly entangled with the way that Danish society and projects could almost see as the intimate analogue of the civic Danish welfare state. Both and the welfare state rely on a state of a feeling of smallness small circles of and an assumption of equality. Each feeds on the the welfare state offers the conditions for to for it ensures a working week and the time to devote to and on the other hand disdain of hierarchy and conspicuous consumption imparts values important to sustaining a society in which stark differences in financial means are banished. our basic needs are told me when she hosted breakfast for me at her apartment candle bread straight from the oven. need to fight for our survival and so we have time to do things that we find has their highly personal image of the most One brisk I met up with a contributor to book called who is a teacher of social media at a school that offers continuing education to adults. He took me to a community It was hosting a cheap communal supper to be followed by a game of bingo fun is a noticeable feature of Danish social There were 200 people everyone seemed and attractive. Our at the big communal table leaned over curiously. are you doing an asked one of them. He was called and worked as a project manager for Danish State Railways. he offered his own definition. me a lot about family. Being together. Candles. never about being about cakes from the place. cake you baked yourself. a feeling. something that has meaning in not a means to becoming a better like doing exercise. I associate it with being a the smell of my mother cooking onions in the next room. The smell of the lunch the following and her media commentator debated the meaning of is not said debates on philosophy and ideas not very . sugar and fat are the three key ingredients of He used to be beer and now She something about socks and He had many depending on whom you it was always and always tinged with nostalgia. Your mobile phone is not In its native is regarded as essentially and by definition yet at the same time it is helped along by certain consumer props especially candles or gently glowing told me that walking down the street in the she could look into her windows and spot who was Danish and who was just by their lighting as if was not merely the essence of but also a kind of cultural border that outsiders could not quite cross. told me a story about refugee friends of who had searched all over for fluorescent tubes to light their apartment the tale was told but their choice of domestic lighting was a marker of their otherness no would make a choice so lacking in had never encountered a bicycle shop before I visited but their windows were draped with bulbs agleam in the dusk. gave me an artificial which is the coming thing in as everyone is starting to get worried about how unhealthy it is to breathe candle fumes. It flickers it is made in nothing could be less political than since talking about controversial subjects is by definition not and yet it is clear that the concept lends itself to political use. and told me that the prime was the kind of guy you could imagine having a beer with. folksy and informal. one of the guys. And he gets away with murder said is a useful strategy for disguising power. you can cloak quite aggressive or radical acts with an impression of forget about everything. block out the world and have some nothing written about in suggests that it has a troubling side. book does mention that may sometimes feel excluding to outsiders. would be considered less if there were too many new people at an he told find it hard to penetrate Danish social can only really exist within groups who know each other already. But he stops well short of the kind of critique for brought to bear when we spoke. along the became a form of social said the Danish whose novel Signal will be published in in a little like in the cult of the book or the movie. a year published a chilling short inspired by an article she had read about a Danish man who had murdered his wife. He was quoted as told that he committed this act shortly after the couple had got together on the sofa. In the she is used as a way to suppress feelings in a family or relationship. Every time someone wants to address some kind of unpleasant this person is in danger of spoiling the and will be just which basically just just stay on the surface and behave a beautiful the Danish And also a little bit happily admitted to a little for she loves to partake in a bit of has candlesticks in her for she should see us at It scares the freak out of me. not allowed to be suppression of difference inherent in was not confined to family life. She related the word to historically largely agrarian economy and rural society. a very small nation and we all used to be although changing fast. In this kind of conformity is really important. provides a way of establishing Those who rock the who think who speak out are spoiling the she from there is one other peculiarly Danish notion that visitors tend to encounter. This is the law a set of attitudes said to govern Danish social described in satirical 1933 novel A Fugitive Crosses His Tracks. The first rule of the which takes its name from the fictional town of is not to think that you are anything and the others are more or less variations on that get too big for your breeches. stand out. be different. novel caused controversy for its unblinking vision of rural but the law of as containing a certain that and an almost aggressive are central to Danish culture. Twitter The founder of the Danish qualities may promote unity and solidarity of a sort useful in maintaining an egalitarian but not hard to see the drawbacks of cultural norms that suppress individuality or dissent. In the chapter on in book Cultural Semantics and Social A Case Study on the Danish Universe of he recounts a story about the football manager who took the Danish national team to their first World Cup in 1986 and quickly discovered that was an obstacle to the success. order to achieve any results in the national team had to go through a minor cultural wrote in his memoir. general attitude was that it should be fun and to be a part of the national common critique of according to is that it the democratic process weak because to discuss difficult things is not is more it has the he to provide a way for people to come together. But first it needs to be he wants to develop what he calls 2.0. The culture is in the process of establishing a for inviting to submit ideas about what they find most valuable in their national life. But himself has sounded a note of caution about placing in such a list it should be done if it is something that includes rather as is often the excludes. On second I want to take with us into the he said in an interview earlier this place where politics are set told me. But it is precisely this sense that it is beyond politics as well as its irreducible thus that allows it to be by particularly those of the xenophobic far who have become a rising force in Danish politics over the past decade. those who Danish it came as an unpleasant shock when it was reported earlier this year that parliament had approved a plan to strip refugees of their including and with an apparent unconcern for any troubling historical Of course excludes. The problem with is that these countries can only work if you shut the case in point is the founder of the Danish which is currently the party in parliament. has subtly projected herself as the protector of Danish against the unknown forces of the world. According to is part of the whole of the radical right wing in Their commercials will have all the emblematic who is now the speaker in gave an interview last year in which she in the importance of making her office with family porcelain and cannot thrive and work in offices that she a work environment is completely ordinary in when I visited the ambassador to he lit switched off overhead lighting and put a cushion behind my back. But and her allies use with and according to a popular image in which being Danish is about sitting round a table and eating cake or pork. they everyone outside that is not Danish and it taps into a fear that and refugees will destroy The Danish perspective is that is an almost perfect with its long its generous welfare and its cultural distinctiveness. But anything that threatens that safe including alien values and cannot be lightly encoded thought is that if is uniquely and can only be enjoyed by then migrants and outsiders will destroy the and therefore effectively destroy an editor on the newspaper course excludes. The whole problem with is that these countries can only really work if you shut the borders. You have all these ideals of kindness on the but for our solidarity to you need pretty tall Twitter socks are quintessentially Stock year in which has exploded as a lifestyle trend has been extraordinarily turbulent. If 23 was like an 8 was its answering tsunami a phenomenon yet more tremendous than the original shock. For all those who mourned and worried about the victories of and there were others who rejoiced. These disturbances revealed on both sides of the that are utterly divided. Young vs educated vs rural vs women vs black vs white cracks became gaping and obvious. If years can have 2016 was savage in its anger and abject in its the mood of 2016 could even be described as . The word does mean it does not summon up offices with severe furniture. It means it means sinister. If is sitting round the all differences warmed by the dancing is the darkness beyond that enchanted circle. in threatens to engulf the the the kindness. In the unfathomable bleakness of exist those terrible things from the outside that could destroy you. On some and those with starkly different bring with them the fearful perfume of In the tension between and the warmth of the hearth and the and the terror of the lonely world are linguistically bound together. You can see this reflected in Danish culture most for those of us in through its crime drama. joked to me that she thought was a kind of pressure release from all the the dark stuff has to come out Watching such is a way of keeping things at safely confined in a corner of the on a screen. The hero of the series The police officer operates in a that is dank and cold and unforgiving the chill weather and long winters from which is particularly adept at affording protection. She herself is far from the campfire. She is alone. She is terrible at intimate she backs out of rooms where family activities are taking with its darkness and exemplifies and yet the viewer most experience it from the safety and warmth of the family bottle of wine heating turned up. A detective story is a way of dealing with the it is about gathering and containing death and horror within a safe and predictable narrative structure. does the same work through different it draws us in towards warmth and togetherness and forgetting. But it also somehow depends on the existence of the too. In book a remark to the effect that an especially situation he remembered scent of a stew simmering on the an open a group of could have become more with the addition of just one a raging storm a an a If its emergence as an element of national culture is often traced back to loss of territory an embrace of the intimate smallness of newly sharp national borders perhaps its distinctly avatar disguises a similar national a of the drawbridge against the terror of the editors who coaxed the trend into existence were not weirdly accurate weather predicting the full bleakness of the conditions to come when they commissioned their books back in But they had put their fingers in the wind consciously or found in much that chimed with the this is the year in which has been found wanting by appeals to an earlier an imagined where one could take back control or make a country great again. The consumerist trappings of the books and throws and cushions and candles and holidays and are not just sold as products with a particular and practical but rather as magical objects that might summon up feelings and of safety and of comfort and of a appeals to both sides of our great political on the one hand it nostalgically hints at a better past of of simple and on the other it offers a refuge from the unleashed tempests of the asked me if I thought the appetite for in was partly about a fantasy of what might have if it had had the as a kind of but possible future. but if he is it would be a wonderful contradiction. When are asked whether they want a stronger welfare state and more equality the basics of a more life they tend to vote pretty hard. is hungry for the of but not the costs such as high taxation that come with for has an element of fantasy through the way it draws back from difference and debate then the import is a fantasy of a fantasy. may be quintessentially but there is something utterly about the nostalgic longing for the simple of an earlier time especially if it can be bought. At the same it is hard to deny that just at the the most natural thing in the world is to want to huddle round the fire and wish the outside away. Settle going to be a long Follow the Long Read on Twitter at or sign up to the long read weekly email long 
been quite a year and nearly over. Throughout the ups and downs of who in the world has given you Who has kept a cool head and a warm heart in the most challenging of Who has overcome difficulties to make a contribution that has had real Who has been working tirelessly for years or decades to make the world a bit of a better heroes of 2015 Read the second year in a accepting nominations for heroes. working with the US alliance of the international the global alliance for civil society and the to celebrate the superstars of nominate your contribute via at the link above or email with in the subject are you nominating one submission per What have they done to impress you this Be specific and forget a photograph of your read about heroes and see the highlights of this nominations on the just are now closed. in 
studied a in journalism at University in New after finishing her degree in theology at the University of She now works as a applied to on a whim in my last year of university mostly to get my parents off my back as I have a job lined up. I was ready for an adventure. Studying in the US is way more expensive than the but it was the best decision I ever made. I really enjoyed the having New Times magazine writers comb through my features with going on a reporting trip to with my religion reporting class and just generally having the time to indulge in journalism without always rushing from one deadline to the next. because it all happens in New no place like it especially for a reporter. just bursting at the seams with interesting places and stories. I think seeing the city and its stories through an eye was a as was the experience of being out of your comfort zone. During my I stayed in sublets for around a month before I found the apartment I lived in for the next two years. I found living in New very easy. I think going to was a pivotal step in my career. sure be working as a journalist even if I gone although maybe at a lower level and earning less. graduated with a in business and corporate communications from Business School in in 2014. now a senior account executive at a PR based in pretty much decided I wanted to do a at the beginning of my final year at studied art and design at degree level on the basis that I loved but through interning that it the career for and instead I really wanted to acquire some business skills. I chose to study at Business School as one of the best in my parents studied abroad and so did my so it felt normal to do my overseas. I was part of the scheme and had a year in which ended up being the best year of my life. The was so international there were 57 people on my course made up of 33 different nationalities. The course cost around the same as it would in the but rent was definitely cheaper. A lot of the modules were based on group it was a great introduction to the workplace. actually shout from the rooftops about my It was a University of Oxford chemistry studied his at the School of Management and Technology in graduating in 2016. He now works in marketing for florist Days in days after graduating from I received an email saying the School of Management and based in the heart of was looking for applicants for its new in management course. I spent the day mulling it researched the city and its startup scene and about six weeks later I was in The course aimed to adapt technical analytical skills into while also giving you access to work experience. Mine was with Rocket a startup and because my client was Food an food marketplace in I ended up spending three months too. I loved just really so much to do. a lot like in that historical and but so much cheaper. I had five hours of language classes a week but as is so international you actually need to speak 
knew she was being hunted. A contact had told her that militants had already arrested her fixer but they were coming for her next. This was territory. No armed certainly not the smaller and more moderate one she was would be able to stand up to what was then affiliate in rebel faction she was with tried to protect moving her from one house to another in the small village in the countryside of where she was staying. As the minutes ticked she furiously sent text messages to her emergency contacts and tried to hide some of her shoving hard drives and a secondary camera underneath a wardrobe. She kept her main camera and laptop in plain sight though hiding everything would be too they did 10 most in military gear and a few in demanded that she come with and that she turn over her phone. She asked to use the bathroom first and panicked for a moment in front of the sink. She deleted as many photos as she particularly a few of a city near that is stronghold. She was afraid that if they saw those they would think she was a spy. thought I was that they were probably going to hold me for a year or two until someone paid my she told the Guardian. a year old journalist originally from would be detained by these militants for about two weeks in before she escaped and made it to the border with Turkey. anticipating she instead again became a but this of the government. authorities arrested her on 6 August for illegally a military authorities held her for about two before freeing her and deporting her back to the US on 12 story of being doubly detained by both militants and the government in quick succession is as very few journalists detained in have made it out alive to tell their story of captivity. In her first interview since being deported out of told the Guardian her story and addressed the accusations of recklessness thrown at her from fellow been calling me reckless since I started I faced derision from some other journalists for going. At this almost all foreign journalists had stopped she said. Twitter A photo taken by of a young boy she said had been injured by cluster bombs in the town of in said she left for in to film the toll of and on which have relentlessly pounded schools and markets. It was her seventh trip to the country as a freelance journalist since three years after the start of the war. She has filmed more than 30 video dispatches from some of which have aired on Fusion and the Discovery Seeker Channel. One of her on schools hit by won an R award this was embedded with an faction that operates in the area. is active in areas where had the ultimate and said her fixer arranged for her to get the necessary permission to film. has since itself as Front for the Conquest of the and claims it has ended its links with though experts say the group is effectively still the same. focus in this trip was on hospitals and said. are hospitals where the patients are more than civilian. These hospitals for filmed for about three days before she was kidnapped. In that she said she saw children whose limbs had been blown off by cluster and talked to doctors who were frustrated by the lack of support and supplies they were receiving from the international in they because of the presence of in their area. said she was staying in a village in the western countryside of when seized her. According to a senior fellow at the Middle East the group was with have been in a position to resist and even having permission from someone within itself have guaranteed her protection. militant landscape is just so so that even when got an organization like there are multiple different subtractions within that can essentially act like a law and order within he said . A spokesman said they provide any information as the incident occurred under the defunct said that after the militants seized they interrogated her and then kept her in a house for a week before taking her to a prison when she was kept in a cell by herself for two days. Most of her she were including an a and a They asked her questions about her work and her religion converted to a year and a half ago when she married her husband in as the fighting to break the siege of began to they moved to a home with women and children the sisters and children of said there were five women in the house at any given and that the ones that pregnant were breastfeeding newborns. They were all and describes them as but One of them asked her for her family contacts. Over a few she was able to gain their and they let her use their cellphones. used one of their phones sporadically when let me. They had blockers on everything but the so I made a and emailed my husband a couple she told the Guardian that the was in close contact with him during this and that the US government was planning a rescue but both he and said one was never attempted. The US government declined to emergency contact for the freelance photographer Joey who has himself done work to was also involved. He had consulted with before making his own trip to in March had been in touch with in the days leading up to her capture. Once she messaged him saying she had been he contacted the Committee to Protect Journalists and the Hostage Recovery Fusion a government entity that includes the the state department and the Treasury. The Hostage Cell and the were actively working to secure her release during the two weeks was held captive in said. believe they did everything in their power to help he Hostage Cell comment on but said the agency dedicates attention and resources to safely bring held hostage said she was able to use her own contacts to arrange a rescue by a man affiliated with another allied He agreed to wait for her with a motorcycle by a nearby road on a given night. She just had to get there first. with photographer in the countryside of in 2014. Courtesy of said she had adopted a cat during her first days of and the militants let her keep it while she was detained. Before she left the she said she let the cat out so that if she was she could just say she was looking for it. The house was not well as many of the fighters had been called to the said she managed to leave the walk 10 minutes across a field of olive and to the man waiting on the motorcycle. was terrified. If they caught me be placed in really bad conditions for the duration of my she said. From said the man who rescued her took her to a house near the border with where she hid for two days before a smuggler took her to the border area. Once she was on the said she briefly got into a car with a woman from the US consulate and men in jeans she thought might have been US special but that the guards made her get out and ride with them. authorities interrogated arrested her and brought before a had left Turkey just before the failed 15 coup against government and returned in the middle of an ongoing crackdown during which authorities have thrown hundreds of journalists in jail. The US efforts to get a US citizen safely out of ended up being used against her. media portrayed her as a US at time when the same media was alleging that the had been behind the said the conditions in the prisons where she stayed were worse than what she had encountered in During her first 17 days of her she was kept in solitary confinement at prison. She took up smoking cigarettes to pass the time. Fluorescent lights beamed down on her 24 hours a day. She puddles. Her body was covered in a heat rash. said she told why she was freed and ultimately deported. a senior fellow at the said he suspects that release could have been due to negotiations between the US and or been part of a recent push to release some suspects caught up in the sweep. Despite ordeal is not yet over. Her an Afghan flew to soon after she was arrested in Turkey to help work with her lawyers and secure her and was himself detained by authorities on 22 August. He has alleged that authorities accused him of being involved in the and are preventing him from leaving the country. For is considering her options and said she is taking the time to recover at home in New City. But frustrated that her kidnapping and detention in Turkey have drawn more attention than any of the work she did in story of my kidnapping and arrest got exponentially more attention than my many stories about and relentless on she said. makes different from any other the most volatile situation for civilians on and not supposed to be East and North 
Native protesting against the Access pipeline on accused law enforcement officers of cruel and inhumane treatment in but said mass arrests and violent confrontations with police would not deter them from fighting construction of the oil project. North 141 arrests as protesters pushed back from site Read were reunited at the Standing Rock camps in North after their release from local jails. Some told the Guardian police aggressively detained crowded them into wrote numbers on their arms to track conducted invasive body searches and showed a lack of respect for native treat us like not human said Eagle a member of the Rosebud who was one of 141 people arrested on when protesters tried to block pipeline construction. simply numbers to In a member of the tribe who was one of the first said police temporarily detained her and three other women in a large cage that she described as a were all crying in saying we needed medical said who also goes by the name Guarding Red Tarantula Woman. were all crying in release from jail of the protesters came after a week of increasingly tense conflict between Native activists and a growing police force seeking to thwart protests against the which would transport crude oil from the oil field to a refinery near first sparked demonstrations in when members of the Standing Rock and other Native nations rode on horseback and established the Sacred Stone Thousands of activists have since traveled to Cannon North including members of tribes from across the launching a huge and continuing protest that has become a rallying cry for indigenous climate change activism and environmental conservation. Leaders of the Standing Rock say the a project of the corporation Energy Transfer threatens the water supply and cultural heritage and would destroy sacred lands. Over the last activists have repeatedly attempted to occupy the property where pipeline construction is leading to daily standoffs that have ended in arrests and violence. Twitter Protesters inspect charred vehicles and signs in front of a law enforcement barricade. county office and supporting police agencies from across North and beyond have now made more than 400 accusing Native journalists and of resisting arrest and assaulting officers. A sheriff Rob told the Guardian in an email that holding cells made of chain link are only used during mass and said that medical and nurse staff address drama intensified when protesters created barricades of fire and set alight vehicles including those meant for pipeline construction. Protesters and civil rights groups monitoring the demonstration have argued that police have become overly militarized and dangerously aggressive. Law enforcement officials on admitted to using pepper and sponge and devices that transmit loud bangs and in response to what County sheriff Kyle described as violent and illegal got herded around like said another protester who was arrested on members of a youth council that has helped lead the movement at Sacred Stone told the Guardian they were on the front lines of standoff and that police attacked them when they tried to remain peaceful. cops threw me to the said Red of the River tribe. of them had a knee on my neck and they were shouting I was telling going Twitter time we got we got right back cop grabbed me and twisted my added a youth council representative and member of the Apache tribe who is recovering from a broken wrist sustained in an earlier confrontation with police. every time we got we got right back Authorities faced widespread criticism from free speech advocates after police issued an arrest warrant against the broadcast journalist and Democracy host charges a judge later rejected. The actor was also arrested at the which has also attracted visits from the actor Mark and the civil rights leader The ground effort to stop the oil project comes a month after a federal judge denied a request from tribal leadership to block construction permits. Access pipeline company and Trump have close financial ties Read held a peaceful rally on marching to a bridge where there is now a roadblock and barricade separating the camp from the pipeline project where police remain stationed with large tanks. Tribal leaders sang as law enforcement helicopters flew above the said she spent 36 hours behind bars and was now facing multiple including criminal trespassing and conspiracy with fire. Police also impounded her motor she with all of her belongings. have any clothes or she sitting in a hotel room in a local where she and others were recovering from what they described as traumatic jail who lives in in and has been at the camp for three said she was arrested while praying. slammed us on to the she said. Twitter Black Crow not giving said she was particularly upset by the way police repeatedly searched her and other Native women. searched me touched she adding that the experience has been emotionally draining. was just crying. I physically stop Black Crow a member of the said he was arrested twice in the last but would not stop protesting. not giving he said. is not giving up. Why should Access 
A new and disturbing factor emerged during this presidential and one that may change elections democracies are now at the mercy of hacking and surveillance technology and those who control and a network of anonymous hackers have become a major turning the rituals of democracy into for the tabloids and the sensationalist press. And foreign governments have a too allegedly in the case of the US has advanced rapidly from election to becoming more powerful and ubiquitous. Skilled hackers have the ability to access and release private communications and whether from two hours ago or 20 years ago. campaign dubs after latest hack Read now in the that technology has played the role of firepower was directed only at one of the presidential and the topic of missing emails was controversially revived by the nine days before the election. blamed that intervention as one reason she lost the election. Both set a troubling but this emerging is not just a threat to the two separate targeting major political parties in both with links to Chancellor warned last week that may try to influence the upcoming federal elections in 2017 through a campaign of hacking and disinformation. is already facing daily of responding to says. Security experts suggest may think it would be better able to deal with a more government than the current grand coalition led by a trail of evidence in many recent hacks points to says Martin deputy director of the Digital Society Institute in significant that attacks like this increasingly try to capture large volumes of as was the case with the in order to do something with them in the said. a year away from national elections. And an attacker who stocks up on information today is better capable of action in nine be it leaking that information or blackmailing someone. conceivable. seen it in the so why not in also hit television channel in forcing it off the air and placing propaganda messages on the website and social media accounts. Twitter warned that may try to influence the upcoming federal elections through a campaign of hacking and disinformation. John the just a month before the presidential election in May the government suffered probably its worst ever data while a few months earlier the Commission on Elections saw its website defaced and its entire database posted a senior manager at IT security firm Trend said the vulnerabilities could lead to the election being the the leaked Panama Papers revealed that the then prime minister had personally profited from a stash of in an offshore investment fund set up by his father. As facto leader of the Remain campaign in the vote to leave the lost public credibility over the incident and damaged the campaign to stay in the the time the US election rolled were confused and reeling after a vicious and both Trump and had unprecedented negative ratings from what they revealed about the campaign's mechanics Read the possibility of being embarrassed by a leak will discourage some people from running for office. How many good potential candidates are so squeaky clean that she or he can survive having snatches of conversations or emails ripped out of context and splashed across the Or having the email archives of a closest advisers as election campaign John raked through for scandal has certainly affected elections most famously with the sensation caused by the John television debates. Those who watched the debates on thought and those who heard it on the radio thought the recent US presidential election is the first time technology has played such a central role in digging into private hacking into private unearthing what was previously and then providing the means to broadcast that all over the world. Adding to the mystery and tragedy is the apparent likelihood that foreign governments increasingly have the capabilities to do this to each trying to sway the outcome of elections and help the voters of another nation pick a leader they find more or to become the for important elections all over the world seems like a shortcut toward a democratic death spiral. We need to consider the vastly disproportionate influence of because the critical processes and institutions of democracy may be more fragile than we Hill is a political writer and the author of Raw How the and Runaway Capitalism Are Screwing Workers and 10 Steps to Repair Democracy. You can follow him on elections 
Twice a week we publish problems that will feature in a forthcoming Dear advice column in the Guardian so that readers can offer their own advice and suggestions. We then print the best of your comments alongside own insights. Here are two similar dilemmas what are your daughter is a bright young lady but know what degree to take as she has no clear career plan. We have discussed this time and but she still is studying in history and psychology and also completed in and law. She enjoys writing and has thought about journalism. But she is particularly interested in endangered species and the activities of Any ideas on as her I can gently try and set her on an interesting you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply 
Small changes can make a big difference to the lives of staff with according to principal lecturer at the school of pharmacy at University. She staff disability which the university consults when planning new buildings or travel someone introduces a new idea which is wonderful but there might be one little thing that they thought about. really rewarding to be able to mend that for other says who has repetitive strain injury. For the group has been able to suggest putting push pads on heavy doors that some staff struggle to open. university does actually take account of what we it just lip the Equality Act like other have to make reasonable adjustments as soon as staff disclose a to ensure that they do not face barriers when carrying out their director of human resources at Queen University of and secretary of the representative body Universities Human says the strides that have been made in promoting gender thanks to the Swan are making universities more attuned to other forms of inequality. Many have been putting effort into supporting students with disabilities in recent she and now that staff need it is probably more we need to do to get line managers to what their responsibilities she says. always understand what they can do with reasonable adjustments or what support might be available to help people with a disability get back into the workplace. If you are not experienced it can be quite universities are members of the Two Ticks scheme replaced by the Disability Confident awarded by the Department for Work and Plus to help job applicants identify committed to helping workers with disabilities. Some have also signed up to which provides information about accessibility in public places. This can be a particular problem for institutions with buildings that are more than 100 years making disability is particularly says equality and diversity manager at because people are often worried about declaring a disability or asking for university offers training in awareness of different runs a disability awareness month and records separately absences related to disability. It also offers help with applying for government Access to Work grants. is about getting the best from everybody we she equality and diversity specialist at Metropolitan University and of the National Association of Disabled Staff says addressing disability is no longer considered niche. not just about she IT job is the perfect Twitter people interviewing me focused on me and my says Fay Fay first applied for jobs after qualifying as a professional librarian she found it impossible to get an interview. When she stopped mentioning her brittle bone condition in the application she would get interviews but no job offer. Then she applied to University at the time known as Polytechnic. people who interviewed me were she says. focused on me and my skills and not my is still there 33 years later and has been promoted in to different roles and is now team manager. a librarian by I have morphed into IT. It really suits me. It is but gives me contact with a lot of people. It has been the perfect the years her condition has worsened she now needs to use a mobility scooter but her changing needs have been she says. For the university has allowed her to work hours but four days a giving her off to her body and she can also work from home if she is feeling so long as she does not have meetings to says she has a dedicated parking space and level access to the building. She also has a bespoke chair and desk and is given enough space around the desk for her to park her scooter. When her and her team have needed to move into new buildings occupational health and health and safety officers helped to work out whether the new space is likely to raise any problems. A network of staff with disabilities has also been established. The network is often asked for advice on the implications of new university projects for people with which means problems can be prevented before they arise. With this support in feels she has been able to work hard and progress in her role. I been working with another I have progressed in the way I the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education and 
CITY The air felt leaden in the hallways at West High School on the morning after Election Day. The usual clatter from the 2,000 students was muffled. At was in the cafeteria when she said a boy she barely knew roughly bumped into her and swore at her. back he told Ms. who is and an and wears a The overheard by a friend at Ms. side though denied by the male student set off a turbulent week of fury and demonstrations at West a large public school in this university which prides itself on its openness and progressivism. Minorities make up nearly 40 percent of the student body at West a far more diverse mix than the typical school. In the hours and days after Ms. encounter in the similar incidents students said. One girl said she was surrounded by heckling students and called a terrorist. Another said she saw people chanting in the hallways when they passed black students. In one a student noted the absence of a classmate and announced to the wonder if she got Like many other schools around the country since the West High has become a microcosm of the United States a place roiled by divisions and mistrust. Students in many schools say supporters of J. Trump have felt empowered to lash out at while outraged backers of have been spurred to organize and demonstrate. And teachers have been struggling to provide guidance even as they themselves are processing the election results. In a suburb of St. students walked out of a high school twice in a week to protest racist comments made at school after the election of Trump. Two students were disciplined for telling black students boarding a bus that they should sit in the back. Swastikas were drawn in a bathroom at a middle school in which has many students. Children all over the particularly and have fearfully asked teachers and guidance counselors whether they and their families will be deported. The Southern Poverty Law which has been tracking thousands of such episodes since the said the most commonly reported locations for harassment were schools. impossible to wall schools off from the rest of said the director of Teaching a program of the law center. just seeped into the culture. Kids are hearing it at home and amplifying At West some teachers and parents have encouraged students to walk out of class to protest racism and sexism and to support a pluralistic society. Others were livid at the saying the teenagers were overreacting. Some emailed administrators to ask why some students were allowed to skip class for protests during a crucial finals week. A few teachers have responded by hugging crying students and reassuring them that they are loved. One assured an emotional student that orchestra class a safe space where we can all get together and make the student said. But an teacher to the dismay of some teenagers in her that the election was over and not going to talk about Everybody seems to agree that the school is a changed place. a different environment said Jade 16. feel very upset and afraid for my friends. People are using the election as an excuse to discriminate against each other Even Trump supporters say they feel under siege. Two girls walked into the office after the election and told him that as they did not feel safe walking through the were receiving dirty looks and felt they were not an equal to other the said. Mason a member of the Young Republicans said he had publicly supported Trump during the campaign but was upset by the slurs directed at students in the aftermath. Now other students are angrily blaming him for he no longer wears his for because he does not want to be lumped in with the people accused of making insulting comments to minorities. hearing about that I was honestly he said. heard it before. Usually all polite to each The trouble began at West High on morning after Election when teachers received an email from the principal warning Be objective about the election results and remind students of the inclusiveness. be positive and strong and teach the heck out of our kids wrote in the email. victory the earth that we stood on a little said in an interview. had a pit in my stomach that a social studies arrived at school prepared to talk to his students about democracy and the importance of fidelity to its long and sometimes difficult process. knew it was going to be I knew it was going to take a lot of he said. expected I expected fear and I expected In her a was faced with three students who were distraught over the election results. She was but tried to stay focused on the mission of her class. told it in she said. After Ms. encounter in the the first teacher she approached was Ms. came to my crying and questioning if she should take off her said Ms. who encouraged her to tell the principal. Ms. said she was not ready. was I just want to go home and talk about she said. about it with my family and my After Ms. left her Ms. sought out ran straight to his she said. They sat on the stairs in a hallway and spoke in hushed tones. are we going to How can we work through The story spread around the school and reached school who questioned the male student. He denied saying anything derogatory. the said video showed an encounter between the two students in the but did not pick up what was said. By he had made a trying to calm tensions by telling students that discriminatory behavior would not be tolerated. A group of students decided to hold a rally the next day. They marched out of school on holding signs that read Trumps No to and Hate in Our On some students gathered in the handing out safety pins to wear on shirts in a gesture of togetherness. showing solidarity and said a junior. showing that not going to tolerate all this bigotry On a few dozen students closed out the day with another protest. They walked out of their classes at and gathered inside the main where they sat with duct tape over their mouths. When the school day concluded at 4 the hallways filled with students who stopped short and at the group. the social studies stood on the sidelines and watched the reaction. The next marked one week and one day since the election. It was a scheduled day a quick breath between trimesters. good he said. think they need
The deputy once thought to be being groomed as a future editor of the biggest selling is to leave after 14 departure comes as a as it is just six months after then the editor of the was brought back to in a promotion to deputy editor on the the time of the a former editor of the Bizarre was described in an email by editor Tony as on the paper after deputy editor In an email to said decision to leave was to focus on his business and broadcasting career. has enjoyed a brilliant time with News spanning 14 years at the said like to thank him for his massive contribution to the from running the Bizarre column to editing the Sun and most recently his time in as deputy he signed up to take on a weekend show on Radio called Smart on upon his return to the capital in time editing Bizarre and the Sun have given me some of the most incredible said Smart. wait to take the next step in my career and start my own with more details Brooks was confirmed as chief executive of News the publisher of the Times and the a year after she was cleared of all charges relating to the scandal. News also announced at that time that then the deputy editor of the Daily would become of the 
In a day where the visitors went the better part of the first session without losing a that a bad fightback from the as the afternoon wore on. During the final session in particular all batsmen were put under enormous pressure by quicks and through a marathon stint between the but only one wicket that of Warner And even that came in bizarre delivery ricocheting off his thigh and arm before landing on the stumps. half century came from 91 balls. He was routinely beaten outside the as too were Warner and then Smith but held his nerve before on some loose deliveries towards the end of play. That end came prematurely on the basis of bad seven overs lost. So be back again at for another long day at tomorrow. A long day where will have plenty of work still yet to do knocking off the 120 runs of deficit that still in an innings where may well be batting for his career. In be sure to tune and follow every over with us here at the Guardian. Thanks for your company. Have a good night. it. Stumps. The umpires have called it off. gather my thoughts for a final wrap in just a jiffy. I wish I could make a Mount Wellington reference. But truth I see it through the clouds. There are patches of blue sky either side of but to get back on now is a tough ask. Would require a lot of wind in a hurry. Three of the four umpires gathered in the middle having a so either way know pretty soon. have knocked off half the with the loss of only two wickets. Two days to go. Game not over 2016 36th 121-2 Smith cover driving on the up and doing it with style. You get four runs when doing that. it came the ball after he was beaten outside the Oh and now off for bad light. Let me go outside for a tic and see if I can make a prediction about the likelihood of them returning. For what little that is worth. Stand by. 35th 116-2 Smith Just a single from in response to a relatively quiet over. Just doing a job to give the quicks a rest the spinner. Fourth ump is out there to take a light reading. The would relish the chance to get out of there and into the showers a fraction earlier than scheduled. 34th 115-2 Smith Philander is angry. Got Okay. He demonstrates this with some more annoyed stares after dispatches a long hop through cover point to begin the over. Later in the set he took a this time behind point. It was full and but he did enough. Then a single to to end the over brought Nicely played in rugged circumstances. 91 balls to get there. Good going from the number three. Has to get to stumps though. 33rd 106-2 Smith Rogers makes a fair point about the importance of the current two sticking it I was be praying they get through four more overs so he has the benefit of a ahead of with his career pretty much on the They get through first over after drinks easily Smith pumping him over midwicket when dropping short. Remember it was Smith who in exposed by getting out when set late in the day. Will he look after him As they take a whip through some comments. Drew asks if is the best umpire in the certainly a consensus forming around that given his freakishly good record in the heavily era. hurt that opposite Umpire this who is having a shocker of late. Forth emails in with an gag and Warner being able to watch it tonight without needing to worry about batting tomorrow. Gee got some out of the Warner in reference to efforts this subject best spells that did not yield a That it is. remember one from to and at 3rd 2010. They both went on to get massive tons as Any to 32nd 102-2 Smith A couple to the more set of the two men timing nicely through midwicket to a full delivery on the stumps. Philander repeats his angry fast bowler bit from the previous who throws this time around at stumps. No harm in that. What a great contest this is. 31st 98-2 Smith is on with his left arm from the River End to replace He races through his broken up by who revels in the change of pace by advancing down the pitch to clobber over Fair after what he has been forced to endure out there so far this afternoon. And believe it or there is a stat about his success with that very tactic. What a world. The Cricket Prof. has an outstanding success rate coming down the pitch in Test cricket. 101-1 2016 30th 93-2 Smith Tough yards for the when Philander is the man relieving from underneath us here at the Street End. As noted the attack leader came very close to breaking through immediately. A bit he collected the ball in his follow through to complete the over and did the old routine on Smith. As Bill would the tension the drama the buzz the crowd sort the it's a matter of record how often umpires get wrong. A smart team should factor that into decisions. 2016 NOT Umpires gets it right again. What a gun. It was clipping the bails in an umpires call kinda way. Good albeit one that took a lot of using every one of his 15 seconds to determine whether he was going upstairs. Has Philander picked up leg find out in a tic. 29th 91-2 Smith into the ninth over of his own and has dropped off just a tad. Reckon that might be his last confirmed in all likelihood by a stray delivery onto pads to end the over. The home captain makes no mistake in putting it away. 28th 86-2 Smith will bowl far lesser spells and take many is caller assessment of the nine over stint that has probably just concluded if body language is anything to do by. Without a wicket. Sure his final set is just as magnificent as the eight that came before concluding with yet another that beats the captain by a significant margin. Smith did strike a boundary through point earlier in the meaning that have passed their first innings You little Beneath the Southern Cross I situation this is test cricket at its best. Contest between bat and tension on every 2016 27th 82-2 Smith This pair from a brief rain but they are the only two who have been used since the final session commenced 65 minutes ago. And why would you change starts his set with a delivery that goes underground. see that coming a couple of hours ago. He then successfully beats twice in a six in three overs if I recall correctly. And I usually do. rarely see better fast bowling anywhere than these two at the moment. They deserve better. Admirable from to not lose his nerve in response. 26th 82-2 Smith is just beating Smith with a ball moving away from him off the seam. Yet another unplayable. were stiff on but experiencing some luck today. and he does it again later in the The carbon copy. Hard to the captain there. Is the best quick in the probably not. But in the frame. And will be soon. Wide World of Sports like a leg spinner at Still a lot of seam movement out there. 2016 25th 82-2 Smith Smith off the mark with a lovely clip straight of take three. is enthused from his fortunate second bending the back and beating been a mighty spell from the River End since Tea. Imagine these blokes in next week with a pink ball. Could be ugly Speaking of the Warner dismissal from side on. 2016 24th 79-2 Smith The captain charges out past his deputy making that unpleasant trudge from the field. But it is facing And he very nearly follows Warner into the shed when trying to force off the back foot with limited footwork at a time when leaving the ball should be the priority if they want to have any chance of eliminating this deficit. more comfortable when is patting away the remainder of the over. why you don't play a shot like Warner's first the game is hard enough without making it harder for yourself 2016 Oh what a He tries to take a nondescript delivery off his it strikes the thigh balloons into his and somehow lands on the woodwork. Warner is gutted. Goodness me. And that ends the 23rd over. 22nd 77-1 continues his over from the Church Street End. The first ball back is a forcing to take his hands off the bat as it arrives earlier than he anticipates. Next a delightful delivery that beats the bat. How often in the 45 minutes since Tea has that Around the wicket the right armer is tailing away from a bat. Utter class. Reminiscent of v in the 2005 Ashes come to think of it. Stumps are back in. Yet the fourth ump still has his umbrella out. Give it a mate. literally the only human in this cricket ground with a out. the players are on. Good news. The commentary use the rain break to run through their classic catches. Cue a camera looking at Mark with his 1999 gem at turning that pulsating Test included in the selection. What times to be a 15 year old. And Bill call as what a as a So light that the South are walking from the field rather than the jog you normally expect when people want to get wet. Just the cover down at this stage. expect be off for long. 21st 76-1 After being made to look a bit daft by supreme spell here in his previous Warner gets back on top with a push through cover to begin the over. And after a couple of good turns him into the onside for a single. Much better over Warner. Persevere then prosper. Reluctant to say but looking pretty dark out here. Rain 20th 71-1 Leans into a cover drive when is too as he did at will twelve months ago when he was making tons for laughs no matter what the ball or format of the game. The replay reinforces what a pretty stroke it is. Go take a look. 2016 19th 67-1 turn to make life as he already has a couple of times since tea. Hitting the he beats the outside edge with consecutive deliveries. No luck here for the bowler. South will be desperate to strike here while so on top. is brilliant Test cricket. Two of top slogging it out v a quality attack on a helpful pitch. Wonderful 2016 18th 64-1 Another eventful over. He once again squares up Warner with a delightful delivered from around the wicket. good enough to repeat the serve a couple of balls later. Utterly unplayable. Way too good. Forced to play due to the but jagging away from the edge after pitching. Warner collects three when driving past point as slightly gets on behind square to the last ball when he does keeping the strike. Meadows is fun to watch. Not so fun to 2016 17th 60-1 Warner done off the track again to start He is trying to drive the ball from a good length and is lucky not to edge to the waiting and cordon. away from danger with a push to seeing off the rest of the over. Without wanting to looking quite good since the break. 16th 59-1 Just as he did in the previous set turns the strike over to the first clipping fine. Warner does likewise when driving as he marches down the track. The consensus around the place is that it is getting better to bat by the and illustrates this by leaving relatively easily through the rest of the including a bouncer to finish it. 15th 57-1 continues from the River End with a few and a conventional gully in position. in the right area taking one to cover but the South will be encouraged if he keeps looking to score in that region. Warner content enough to see the over through. Plenty of noise out they can sense the pressure this team are under no doubt. Rogers on am liking this from Warner. Sometimes he is the kind of guy who gets to 20 or 30 quickly and then settles into his innings. It looks like he has has settled down a
Here is this tunes picked by a reader from your suggestions after last Thanks for them all. Read more about how our weekly readers recommend series works at the end of the volunteer can be defined as one who offers to do and the offerings from the community this week produced a fine variety of takes on the in question. Twitter The community angle gets our list off to a boisterous start with the exhortations of Canned Heat in Work Together Come on now get on the ball and work come work underlining that it can be important to and enthuse potential volunteers for maximum benefit and enjoyment all round. While on that eager to echo a fellow timely comment from earlier in the 04 2016 comment has been chosen by Guardian staff because it contributes to the think it's worth saying this week's topic presents the perfect opportunity to the man who has freely volunteered more of his time for related than any absolutely tirelessly and with constant excellent our very own as they with the list and selflessness was much in evidence this vividly portrayed as it is in Dream by In the spring of 1856 two boys aged five and six became lost in the forest wilderness. Several hundred volunteers searched for two weeks for the but it was apparently only after a man named dreamed of their location that their bodies were eventually located. More but still oddly poignant selflessness features in A Postcard to by The video is a touching animation by telling the story of going a significant number of extra miles to help his friend avoid some parental issues. Things progress entirely which adds to the general much shorter journey but still one with positive benefits for a companion. Reader sums up Fats My Girl it for some Ms so Fats would you on my What a picture that conjures up in selflessness thus saves the albeit only from the effects of inclement weather. Contrast this positive outcome with the travails that ensue for a volunteer placing themselves in the less than expert hands of Warren protagonist in For My Next Trick Need a I can saw a woman in you want to look in the box when through Volunteering conjures images of for or and there were a number of fine nominations in that vein. One of the most hauntingly memorable included the We all and we wrote down our we added two years to our for life and ahead of the for pages In making the observed that the voice is a made of worth listening to 1916 by just to check how wonderfully accurate that description is. Twitter voice like a made of at festival in 2015. via la was the pick of several songs referencing the civil war. Powerful given added resonance by elegant of specific volunteers every corner of the standing beside the people. Sublime. And from the sublime to something else Paper with Be a Hero. In this earns its place on grounds both aesthetic and not only is Billy embroiled in battle to begin the one who unflinchingly volunteers to ride out and seek reinforcements. That extra mile exists even in the title of Volunteered Slavery. Much historical and philosophical discourse is available and elsewhere about the concept. The song itself is a remarkable amalgam of call and response A tad more accessible is Hear It for the a celebratory of ways to be helpful. Retreat sing the praises of cookie hall chair and all those others whose efforts help small town community activities to hoping already something to appeal to most tastes this but surely room in any list for a public information film backed with an hypnotic so our penultimate selection is Dig for Victory by Public Service Broadcasting. It admittedly takes a bit of time before the tune kicks so worth persevering with the initial implement and community footage. The one issue that remains is how the vital foodstuffs secured by digging for victory are to be distributed among those who most need and luckily Reeves offers the Meals on share your songs about farm produce Read how to join new theme will be announced at on 10 You have until on 14 to submit a reminder of some of the guidelines for you have a good theme or if like to volunteer to compile a from suggestions and write a about please email is a wealth of data on including the songs that are at the It also tells you the meaning of and other strange words used by regulars also congregate at the and 
In the wake of a scathing report from the state inspector campuses and organizations affiliated with the City University of New abruptly terminated their contracts with outside lobbyists this week. The move is the latest turn in the scandal involving unauthorized spending at the largest public urban university in the country. The released on by the state inspector cited poor management and oversight at that had created a system for It also singled out million spent on outside lobbyists since 2013 as being and seemingly because the university already employed governmental relations people on staff. The directive injects even more turmoil into the which had already been grappling with overcrowded shrinking course options and budget cuts. Last S. unexpectedly resigned as president of the City College of New a day after The New Times contacted officials with questions about her handling of more than of her personal and evidence that a memo related to those expenses had been fabricated. Ms. is one of several or affiliated with who are now being investigated by the office of L. the United States attorney for the Eastern District of New Ms. exit prompted C. the chairman of Board of Trustees and the former New City to ask the state inspector general to conduct a review of of the college alumni associations or other affiliated That review is still but an interim report was released on because Ms. said is imperative that significant steps are taken immediately to strengthen the fiscal integrity and oversight of this Immediate it On Gov. M. in an unusually long and personal statement announcing a package of ethics reform directed board to review the senior and the inspector findings within 30 days. a also promised to appoint inspectors general for both and the State University of New which has been reeling from scandal as well. By lobbyists were getting emails and phone calls from organizations telling them that their contracts would end right away. The state inspector report questioned whether the outside lobbyists deserved their suggesting that one firm hired by Hunter College in 2013 did no lobbying and the other did work only this to schedule meeting with deputy get status of meeting with deputy The firm doing work was the founded by a former deputy mayor of New But in an Ms. said that a lobbying report and assuming that it represents all the services a firm provides is very She do communications we do strategic we provide management and so much The who spoke on the condition of anonymity so they would not damage their relationships with or get pulled into the state and federal said they were stunned by the developments. Some called it an overreaction. one lobbyist said. discussion. No phone call. Another lobbyist said that while he accepted that had the prerogative to reassess its he was worried that affiliates or programs that had long hired government relations professionals might not be able to win as much funding on their own. hope be the lobbyist I just
an teacher at Bunker Hill Community College in made a rule for For every political rant she posts on she must pick up the phone and call a legislator. kind of a swear jar for political Ms. said recently. Ms. who volunteers for liberal causes and who created a widely shared document last week to teach others her figures that a phone ringing off the hook is more difficult for a lawmaker to ignore than a flooded Activists of all political stripes recommend calling not just emailing and certainly not just venting on social media. Several along with those who work for said in interviews that Ms. is A phone call from a constituent hold more weight than an and far outweighs a post or a tweet. To understand it helps to know what happens when someone answers the phone at a office. whose jobs have included answering phones in the district offices of two Republican representatives from from 2009 to and from 2013 to 2014 said the way your points reach a lawmaker depends on how many calls the office is getting at the time and how you present your story. In some a simple process. When a caller offered an staff members would write the comments down in a compile them each month and present reports to top she said. If the lawmaker had already put out a statement on the the staff member would read it to the she said. But a large volume of calls on an issue could bring an office to a sometimes spurring the legislator to put out a statement on his or her Ms. said. She recommended the tactic in a series of tweets shared thousands of times. brings a legislative issue right to the top of the mind of a she said. makes it impossible to ignore for the whole staff. You get a whole lot else When her branch in received a lot of she contacted the office and coordinated the involving the communications the legislative director or the chief of Ms. said. While scripts found on the can be useful for people uncomfortable talking on the she suggested making the phone calls as personal as possible. In some if she was moved by a she would pass on the comments to her district she said. representatives and staffers want to hear is the individual impact of your individual she said. listen to stories for six to eight hours a day and not be profoundly impacted by A New State a said that one of his staff members would contact him after a constituent called his and that he would try to call everyone back. a perk exclusive to those who call since he sometimes gets more than 300 emails per he said. possibly do that for said. When a subject in which he lacks he the calls have made a difference. In one several retired law enforcement officers called him about a gun control law that was enacted in worried that they would have to give up their service revolvers. Senator who said he use firearms was unaware of that possibility and proposed an amendment to grant them an exception. Gov. M. granted the exception seven months after the law was passed. Most calls can be handled by staff said the Republican minority leader in the New State Assembly. Many callers just want to express an opinion and even offer a he said. In other callers who want to talk out an issue more fully could be directed to a staff member who has expertise in the said State Senator a Democrat in New Ms. who has had a calendar reminder for each morning alerting her to party said that callers often fear they will be quizzed or but that they generally just need to offer their opinion and basic personal like name and city. She implored people to be since the staff members might be getting many calls. in a way that someone Ms. said.
My husband and I are a young newlywed couple from Our honeymoon was a tour of It was the adventure of a marred by one nightmare our first experience of flying We arrived early for our flight from to but at the boarding gate three of us were told had overbooked the plane and two would have to stay behind. We were offered the one remaining seat as it was our honeymoon and I was nervous about to for the first time we agreed to let another single passenger take it instead. We were assured we would each receive compensation of for being denied boarding. We spent six distressing hours at the airport trying to sort out the then three hours transferring to another airport for the next available thus missing a night in our hotel. Four months we have still not received compensation. A recent email from said only one of us would receive the payout and claimed that we had refused to take the spare even though another passenger had taken it instead. Now it says we are not due anything at all. The email trail from customer services makes for dismal reading. The sent in confirmed you were victims of its notoriously zealous overbooking policy and therefore due each under Regulation 261. The second reckoned since you refused the last seat on the you are only entitled to half the following reminded you that if disruption is caused by beyond the it is not liable to pay press office swiftly establishes the that overbooking while it may seem to passengers paid for a seat that they is entirely within the control and that you should have been paid the full whack months therefore a payment of plus to cover your expenses and distress. All of which sounds promising except the next day you are emailed again and in a woefully ungrammatical that the total you will receive is cynical view is that is wriggling and weaving to save itself a few quid. The real is that staff at the departure gate logged you as declining an offered and forgot to add that another stranded passenger could travel in your stead. No one has amended the record am promised that you will soon be sent the full you need help email at or write to Your The Kings 90 Include an address and phone number. problems with 
going for was my introduction to It was an inauspicious start. I was hoping for or at a push. can I I was young and never live past But here I lived in a room on Hermitage Road. It had a carpeted toilet mat around the won me over. It was the cabbages that did the running track at Park and regular Green its high is lined with incredible grocers selling cabbages the size of rugby balls and sweet treats that kept me going during the like when our flatmate moved in afford an actual so slept in the living room on a timeshare How has changed. Two decades I afford up and too far for though you could have a try. Its town houses are the word has been spotted. But those cabbages are still case against Getting pricey. But everywhere in Turnpike Lane and Manor House are on the 15-25 to central Green Lanes is on the Overground Gospel Oak to Barking currently closed for work until rail station runs to or Garden City not far from the North but at least 40 minutes into central the same to the and 30 to the all with the wind behind St Priory North and South are all says with Down Academy and Park View are out The magnificent one of north glories when it opened in 1899 and still glorious. You want for to buy is quite hugging Green Lanes. The to the west is the estate parallel streets of late and early terraces. five four three three two one of the week A needing east of Green with move West mention the B word Read the area has a slightly unkempt and wonderful food from all Park has fantastic like a people really do know each other. You hit a pram every Fields and the New River Path are hidden Live in Join the debate you live in Do you have a haunt or a pet If email by 22 move to 
He is friends with the mayor and once tried to buy an insurance company. His names are emblazoned across a hospital a tribute to generous donors. But to many and is a mystery. the of J. Trump and a business mogul in his own has emerged as a potentially important figure in the future of this troubled region. Trump said this week that could play a if role in efforts to bring peace to the Middle East. Few of the and who have been immersed for years in the fitful and frustrating peace such as it could recall ever meeting and many were hurrying to learn more. But then time spent at the peace table has not exactly yielded and some of those who do know said his freshness and close ties to the incoming president could make him a valuable new player. especially those close to Prime Minister were most seeing as an ally. no question that he feels a strong commitment to security and said the ambassador to the United who has forged a close relationship with leaders were more wary. personally know and have never met but welcome the idea of having him assist in breaking the deadlock in the negotiations of the said secretary general of the revolutionary council of the party that controls the Authority. The extent of relationship with is unclear. He is not a frequent visitor in the corridors of fancy hotels or the trendy restaurants of Tel nor has he established deep ties with booming business sector. He has known casually since childhood through his a real estate tycoon who has been active in business and philanthropy in And he is friends with the mayor of But they get together mainly in New not here. In an interview with The New Times this Trump pointed to as an influential player in future Middle East peace efforts. he knows it so Trump said. knows the knows the knows the But that seems to be a bit of fatherly exaggeration. knows the region and players better than who has little experience here. But phone calls and emails to dozens of diplomats and journalists in and the territories yielded few who had actually encountered him. never met said a longtime adviser to who recently stepped down as director general of the Foreign Ministry. Neither had a former ambassador to the United a former national security adviser to or president of the People Policy a group that researches relations. Nor had the main opposition leaders and has been intermediary with a variety of important and including and wealthy donors like the casino magnate. He brokered a meeting between Trump and in and sat in on it. follows the issue. a strategic said Martin the former owner and editor in chief of The New who met at University and now splits his time between and the United States. he know Does he know more than Probably not. Does he know more than Probably naming two longtime negotiators. But certainly knows more about the area than and more than John The grandson of Holocaust was raised in an Orthodox household in New Jersey and graduated from a day school before attending He observes the and his wife daughter converted to before their marriage. transition team would not say how often visited or whether he had any connections. But an aide to the emphasized that would be just one of many advisers on the Middle East. who took over his real estate empire in his and bought The New visited in 2014 when he was trying to acquire a controlling stake in Phoenix an insurer. He signed a memorandum of understanding to buy 47 percent of the firm from the an for about million. But the deal fell partly because of regulatory requirements. was in during the war with that which seemed to unnerve his wife. have small and like the idea of me being he told the newspaper an who listens to the news every and hearing about 90 missiles hitting on a daily she asked the hell are you Later that as the Phoenix deal was his parents traveled to to dedicate a new campus for the Medical Center opposite Mount named the and Campus. The committed million to the hospital and served on the national board of an committee supporting has been a participant in the an real estate investment for more than a decade. family has been involved very much in all sorts of activities with regard to said a former ambassador to the United States and one of the founders of the fund. His a real estate developer and friend of the elder said he had tried to involve in as well. brought and to he said. invited them and they it seems possible that will be a more regular gathering information and perhaps more for his To those who have talked with there is little doubt that is a powerful voice on issues involving the foreign editor for a newspaper owned by recalled interviewing Trump in first thing he mentioned was he spoke of him as someone he counts Bismuth said. told me then that knows follows going on instead of just following may have a chance to lead.
publisher of The New Thank you very much for joining us. And I want to reaffirm this is on the record. J. of the United All so clear. We had a very nice meeting in the Room. a I I I am. a photo of the great man behind you. There was a big thing about the bust that was removed out of the Oval Office. I heard thinking of putting it back. I indeed. I am. Wonderful. So got a good collection here from our newsroom and editorial and our columnists. I just want to say we had a but useful and conversation in there. So I appreciate that very much. I appreciate too. I thought maybe start this off by asking if you have anything you would like to start this off with before we move to the easiest questions going to get this administration. I just appreciate the meeting and I have great respect for The New Times. Tremendous respect. very special. Always has been very special. I think been treated very rough. well out there that been treated extremely unfairly in a in a true sense. I only complain about The Times. I would say The Times was about the roughest of all. You could make the case The Post was but every once in a while actually get a good article. Not but every once in awhile. I have great respect for The and like to turn it around. I think it would make the job I am doing much easier. working very hard. We have great people coming in. I think be very impressed with the names. be announcing some very shortly. Everybody wanted to do this. People are giving up tremendous careers in order to be subject to you folks and subject to a lot of other folks. But giving up a lot. I mean some are giving up tremendous businesses in order to sit for four or maybe eight or whatever the period of time is. But I think going to see some tremendous tremendous talent coming in. We have many people for every job. I mean no matter what the job we have many incredible people. I you can sort of just confirm that. The quality of the people is very good. choice for chief of trying very hard to get the best people. Not necessarily people that will be the most politically correct because that been working. So we have really experts in the field. Some are known and some are not but known within their field as being the best. very important to me. You been given a great honor. been very tough. been 18 months of brutality in a true but we won it. We won it pretty big. The final numbers are coming out. Or I guess coming out. just being confirmed. But the numbers are coming out far beyond what wildest expectation was. I know if it was I we were seeing the kind of crowds and kind the kind of enthusiasm we were getting from the people. As you probably I did many speeches that last period. I was just telling that I went around and did speeches in the pretty much 11 different that the massive crowds we were getting. If we had a stadium that held and most of many of you were there that held 20,000 have 15,000 people outside that get in. So we came up with a good system we put up the big screens outside with a very good loudspeaker system and very few people left. I would during the last two or three a day. a lot. Because not easy when you have big crowds. Those not an easy way of doing three a day. Then I said the last two I want to do six and seven. And not sure anybody has ever done that. But we did six and we did seven and the last one ended at 1 in the morning in And we had 31,000 17,000 or 18,000 inside and the rest outside. This massive place in Grand I guess. And it was an incredible thing. And I left do we lose I think we can lose And the reason I did it was set up only a little while before because we heard that day that was hearing that going to lose which been lost in 38 years. Or something. But 38 years. And they want to lose So they went out along with President and Bill and they went to late sort of late afternoon and I go to It on the schedule. So I finished up in New and at 10 I went to We got there at 12 We started speaking around and we had 31,000 people and I I there are things happening. But we saw it everywhere. So we felt very good. we had great numbers. And we thought going to win. We thought we were going to win We thought we were going to win North We did pretty easily. We thought strongly we were going to win The problem is nobody had won it and it was as you the great state that always got away. Every Republican thought they were going to win for 38 years and they just win it. And I thought we were going to win it. And we won we won you relatively we won it by a number of points. we won by 180,000 was that the More than 180,000 and votes are still coming in from the which we are getting about 85 percent of. So we won that by a lot of votes you we had a great victory. We had a great victory. I think it would have been easier because I see every once in awhile somebody the popular the popular vote would have been a lot but a whole different campaign. I would have been in I would have been in and New and we have gone anywhere else. Which I mean rather do the popular vote from the standpoint think do actually as well or better a whole different campaign. if a like match play versus stroke play. a whole different game. But I think the popular vote would have been easier in a true sense because go to a few places. I think the genius of the Electoral College. I was never a fan of the Electoral College until now. Until now. Until now. I guess now I like it for two reasons. What it does do is it gets you out to see states that never see otherwise. very interesting. Like I went to four times. I went to 2 for because everybody was saying you can get to 269 but there is no path to 270. We learned that was false because we ended up with got to got to get in. But there is no path to you have to get the one in so we kept going back to and we did get the one in We kept going to and we went to a lot of states that you spend a lot of time in and it does get you we actually went to about 22 whereas if going for popular probably go to or it could be three. You leave New stay in New and stay in So a certain genius about it. And I like it either way. But sort of interesting. But we had an amazing period of time. I got to know the we have a great a great and the enthusiasm was really incredible. The Times had a poll which was interesting because I was always up in that poll. They had something that I a technique in it was called enthusiasm. They added an enthusiasm factor and my people had great and people have enthusiasm. And in the end she get the vote and we ended up close to 15 as you know. We started off at we ended up with almost 15. And more a lot of people show because the community liked me. They liked what I was saying. So they necessarily vote for but they show which was a big problem that she had. I ended up doing very well with which was which I never understood why I was doing because go to the rallies and have so many women holding up for But I kept reading polls saying that not doing well with women. I think whoever is doing it here would say that we did very well with especially certain women. DEAN executive editor of The New As you describe you did do something really remarkable. You energized a lot of people in the country who really wanted change in But along with that and this is going to create a tricky thing for you you also energized presumably a smaller number of people who were evidenced at the convention in this weekend. Who have a very I just saw that today. love to hear you talk about how going to manage that group of people who actually may not be the larger group but who have an expectation for you and are angry about the country and its along racial lines. My first question do you feel like you said things that energized them in and how are you going to manage I think Dean. First of I want to energize the group. not looking to energize them. I want to energize the and I disavow the group. I know if reporting or whatever. I know where they were four years and where they were for and and all of the other people that so I just I had nothing to compare it to. But not a group I want to and if they are energized I want to look into it and find out why. What we do want to do is we want to bring the country because the country is very and one thing I did big league. very and going to work very hard to bring the country together. I somebody that really has gotten along with people over the years. It was my I went to a big event about two years ago. Just after I started thinking about politics. And walking in and some people were cheering and some people were and she you have never booed for never had a person boo and all of a sudden people are booing me. She never happened before. politics. You all of a sudden they think going to be running for and a say. So something that I had never experienced before and I people are and she never booed before. But now they boo. You it was a group and another group was going the opposite. I want to bring the country together. very important to me. in a very divided country. In many ways divided. So going to do that thing that executive editors get to do which is to invite reporters to jump in and ask questions. political thank Dean. like to thank you for being here. This talked about not prosecuting We were hoping you could talk about exactly what that means does that mean just the or the emails and the and how you came to that decision. there was a report that somebody said that not enthused about it. I want to move I want to move back. And I want to hurt the I really She went through a lot. And suffered greatly in many different ways. And I am not looking to hurt them at all. The campaign was vicious. They say it was the most vicious primary and the most vicious campaign. I added it was definitely the most I assume you sold a lot of newspapers. I would imagine. I would imagine. just telling not looking to hurt them. I think been through a lot. gone through a lot. really looking I think we have to get the focus of the country into looking forward. If I could we had a good conversation you and and it was off the but there was nothing just wanted to make sure. The idea of looking forward was one of the themes that you were saying. That we need to now get past the deputy managing So definitively taking that off the The but the question was asked. About the emails and the but just not something that I feel very strongly about. I feel very strongly about health care. I feel very strongly about an immigration bill that I think even the people in this room can be happy. You been talking about immigration bills for 50 years and ever happened. I feel very strongly about an immigration bill fair and just and a lot of other things. There are a lot of things I feel strongly about. not looking to look back and go through this. This was a very painful period. This was a very painful election with all of the email things and all of the foundation things and all of the everything that they went through and the whole country went through. This was a very painful period of time. I read recently where it it they used to say it was against whoever and none of us were there to see it. And there a lot of recordings of But the fact is that there were some pretty vicious they say this this was the most. They say it was definitely the most vicious primary. And I think very important to look forward. senior editor for Do you think it would disappoint your supporters who seemed very animated by the idea of accountability in the What would you say to I think they will be disappointed. I think I will explain that we have in many ways save our country. Because our really in big trouble. We have a lot of trouble. A lot of problems. And one of the big I talk divisiveness. I think that a lot of people will appreciate not doing it for that reason. doing it because time to go in a different direction. There was a lot of and I think that the people that supported me with such where they will show up at 1 in the morning to hear a speech. It was actually Election they showed up so that was essentially Election Day. I think understand very completely. L. opinion can I ask a One of the issues that you actually were very careful not to speak about during the and spoken about is one very near and dear to my the whole issue of climate the how approach it. You own some of the most beautiful links golf courses in the world cross I read your article. Some will be even better because actually like is a little bit off so be perfect. He say that. He just says that the ones that are near the water will be but will be in great shape. But really important to and I think to a lot of our to know where going to go with this. I think anyone objects you doing forms of energy. But are you going to take out of the lead of confronting climate looking at it very Tom. tell you what. I have an open mind to it. going to look very carefully. one issue interesting because there are few things where more division than climate change. You tend to hear but there are people on the other side of that issue who even We do hear it. I was on with this so I got an earful of it. is one of them. But a lot of smart people disagree with you. I have a very open mind. And going to study a lot of the things that happened on it and going to look at it very carefully. But I have an open mind. since living on an I want to thank you for having an open mind. We saw what these storms are now seen it personally. Straight up. But you have an open mind on I do have an open mind. And had storms Not like this. You know the hottest day ever was in 98. You you can make lots of cases for different views. I have a totally open mind. My uncle was for 35 years a professor at He was a great scientist. He was a great guy. And he was a long time he had feelings this was a long time ago he had feelings on this subject. a very complex subject. not sure anybody is ever going to really know. I know we they say they have science on one side but then they also have those horrible emails that were sent between the scientists. Where was in or wherever five years Terrible. Where they got you so you see that and you this all about. I absolutely have an open mind. I will tell you Clean air is vitally important. Clean crystal clean water is vitally important. Safety is vitally important. And you you mentioned a lot of the courses. I have some very successful golf courses. received so many environmental awards for the way you know. done a tremendous amount of work where received tremendous numbers. Sometimes say actually an environmentalist and people will smile in some cases and other people that know me understand true. Open mind. editorial page When you say an open you mean just not sure whether human activity causes climate Do you think human activity is or I think right now I think there is some connectivity. There is something. It depends on how much. It also depends on how much going to cost our companies. You have to our companies are noncompetitive right now. really largely noncompetitive. About four weeks I started adding a certain little sentence into a lot of my that lost 70,000 factories since W. Bush. 70,000. When I first looked at the I must be a typo. It be you have you think you have 70,000 factories And it a right. lost 70,000 factories. not a competitive nation with other nations anymore. We have to make ourselves competitive. not competitive for a lot of reasons. becoming more and more of the reason. Because a lot of these countries that we do business they make deals with our or and then they adhere to the you know that. And much less expensive for their companies to produce products. So going to be studying that very and I think I have a very big voice in it. And I think my voice is listened especially by people that believe in it. And let you know. hate to see Royal underwater. The North that could a good bureau I just wanted to follow up on the question you were asked about not pursuing any investigations into Did you mean both the email investigation and the foundation investigation you will not pursue either one of you know have people that do things but my inclination would for whatever power I have on the is to say go forward. This has been looked at for so long. Ad go forward. And you you could also make the case that some good work was done in the foundation and they could have made etc. etc. I think I think time for people to say go and solve some of the problems that we which are massive problems you I do think that gone through a lot. I think losing is going through a lot. It was a it was a very tough evening for her. I think losing is going through a lot. for whatever my attitude is strongly we have to go we have so many different problems to I think we have to delve back in the past. I also think that would be a very well I think it would be very you know talking about bringing and then they go into all sorts of I think it would be very divisive for the country. I I think speaking not as a journalist very healthy. and then going to go D. White House Mike Shear. I cover the White covering your administration See ya there. Just one quick clarification on the climate do you intend as you pull out of the Climate going to take a look at it. SHEAR And if the reaction from foreign leaders is to slap tariffs on goods to offset the carbon that the United States had pledged to is that with And then the second question is on your sort of mixing of your global business interests and the presidency. even just in the two weeks been instances where met with your business partners Sure. talked about the impact of the wind farms on your golf course. experts who are lawyers and ethics say that all of that is totally so I guess the question for you what do you see as the appropriate structure for keeping those two things and are there any lines that you think you want to cross once in the White First of on countries. I think that countries will not do that to us. I think if run by a person that understands leadership and negotiation in no position to do that to no matter what I do. in no position to do that to and that but going to take a look at it. A very serious look. I want to also see how much this is you the cost to and be talking to you folks in the future about having to do with what just took place. As far as you potential conflict of I mean I know that from the the law is totally on my the president have a conflict of interest. been reported very widely. Despite I want there to be a conflict of interest anyway. And the the president And I understand why the president have a conflict of interest now because everything a president does in some ways is like a conflict of but I built a very great company and a big company and all over the world. People are starting to when they look at all these different like in and other number a job like that builds great relationships with the people of so all good. But I have to the partners come very successful people. They come they it be possible to have a my children are working on that job. So I can say to want to have a I can take a picture. I I think wonderful to take a picture. fine with a picture. But if it were up to some I would ever see my daughter again. That would be like you never seeing your son again. That be good. That be good. But ever see my daughter That means have to make deputy you know. I I yeah. I do that either. I that work. I do I would never see I guess the only son be allowed to at least for a little would be because 10. so there has to be a very interesting case. You could sell your company With all due you could sell your company and then Well And then you could see them all the time. a very hard thing to you know because I have real estate. I have real estate all over the which now people are understanding. When I filed my forms with the federal people really a big a big It really is all over the world. a great company with great assets. I think you selling real estate like selling stock. Selling real estate is much in a much different world. say and I mean this and I said it on the other My company is so unimportant to me relative to what I need I need and by the very I have a very small percentage of my money in very very small percentage of my money in in banks have said like to loan you like to give you any amount of been there had it both been been especially as you get is much better. Just a because an important question. I care about my company. I if a partner comes in from or if a partner comes in from where we did a beautiful big building that just and they want to take a picture and come into my and my kids come in I originally made the deal with these I mean what am I going to not going to talk to not going to take You have you on a human you take pictures. But I just want to say that I am given the right to do something so important in terms of so many of the issues we in terms of health in terms of so many different things. I care about my company. It matter. My kids run it. say I have a conflict because we just opened a beautiful hotel on so every time somebody stays at that if they stay because I guess you could say a conflict of interest. a conflict of but not going to have anything to do with the and they may very well. I mean it could be that occupancy at that hotel will be occupancy at that hotel will be probably a more valuable asset now than it was The brand is certainly a hotter brand than it was before. I help but I care. I said on I care. Because it matter. The only thing that matters to me is running our country. political can I press you a little further on what structures you would put in place to keep the presidency and the company separate and to avoid things for were reported in The Times in the past 24 hours about meeting with leaders of about wind farms About meeting with Leaders of about wind farms that might interfere with the views of your golf course and how to what can you talk about that by the Was I involved with the wind farms not that I know of. I I have a problem with wind But you brought it up in the Which I know. I might have. With leaders of MANY With I see. I might have brought it up. But not having to do with just I the wind is a very deceiving thing. First of we make the windmills in the United States. made in and Japan. made out of massive amounts of which goes into the whether in our country or it goes into the atmosphere. The windmills kill birds and the windmills need massive subsidies. In other subsidizing wind mills all over this country. I for the most part they work. I think they work at all without and that bothers and they kill all the birds. You go to a you know in they have what is The golden And if you shoot a golden they go to jail for five years and yet they kill them they actually have to get permits that only allowed to kill 30 or something in one year. The windmills are devastating to the bird With that being a place for them. But they do need subsidy. if I talk negatively. been saying the same thing for years about you the wind industry. I want to subsidize it. Some environmentalists agree with me very much because of all of the things I just including the and some But hard to explain. I care about anything having to do with anything having to do with anything other than the country. But the just to be the question. How do you formalize the separation of these things so that there is not a question of whether or not you as president are trying to influence like wind I want to influence because not not that important to me. hard to explain. but the according to the see I figured something where you put something in this massive trust and also nothing is written. In other in I can be president of the United States and run my business 100 sign checks on my which I am phasing out of very you I sign the type. I like to sign checks so I know what is going on as opposed to pressing a computer and thousands of checks are automatically sent. It it tells me going on a little bit and it tells contractors that watching. But I am phasing that out and handing that to Trump and Don Trump and Trump for the most and some of my so happening right now. But in theory I could run my business and then run the country perfectly. And never been a case like this where if you look at other people of they have this kind of asset and this kind of frankly. just a different thing. But there is no I assumed that have to set up some type of trust or whatever and you know. And I was actually a little bit surprised to see it. So in theory I have to do anything. But I would like to do something. I would like to try and formalize because I care about my business. is going to run very nice. We own this incredible place in We own many incredible including I guess you heard. one guy that does when I say you know what that right. Do a little But going to run we have good going to run really well. So I have to do but I want to do something if I can. If there is something. Can you promise us when you decide exactly what that come tell The New Times about I will. started it already. One of our great by the way. I can see that. started it already I greatly reduced the and the business. greatly reduced meetings with meetings with different people you also started by said over the last two once I decided I wanted to I want to build anything. like for we built the post be happy to ahead of schedule and under budget. Substantially ahead of schedule. Almost two years ago of schedule. But ahead of under and a terrific place. the hotel on Just so you General Electric has a big wind turbine factory in South Just so you know. Well good. But most of are made in most of are you and the are making most of them. They may assemble if you I think find that delivered there and they do most of the assembly. White House sorry I entered but I did want to ask you about You should introduce yourself. one of the White House correspondents. I apologize for my delayed flight. I wanted to ask you about personnel. They say personnel is policy. I quite hear. Personnel. Personnel. You hired to be the chief strategist for you in the White House. He is a hero of the been described by some as racist and I wonder what message you think you have sent by elevating him to that position and what you would say to those who feel like that indicates something about the kind of country you prefer and the government run. known a long time. If I thought he was a or or any of the things that we you the terms we can I even think about hiring him. First of the one that makes the not or anybody else. And will tell you that. 100 percent. And if he said something to me in terms of his or that I thought were inappropriate or number one I do and number he would have to be gone. But I know many people that know and in actually getting some very good press from a lot of the people that know and people that are on the left. But went to he was you he was very he was a Naval I think you I think very hard on him. I think having a hard time with it. Because not him. not him. known him for a long time. a very smart guy. I think he was with on top of everything else. What do you make of the website he The different. cover I mean like The New Times covers things. I I could say that is because they covered an story. I I am. take whatever you say. I am always but not cross The New Times covers a lot of stories that you rough stories. And you they have covered some of these but The New Times covers a lot of these things also. just a essentially. a newspaper. I know the a decent a very smart guy. done a good job. He been with me that long. You know he really came in after the primaries. I had already won the primaries. And if I thought that his views were in that I would immediately let him go. And tell you why. In many respects I think his views are actually on the other side of what a lot of people might think. But you are with all due that and and many folks who disagree with the coverage of and the slant that brings to the news view him that well first of is just a publication. you they cover stories like you cover stories. they are certainly a much more conservative to put it than The New Times. But really is a news organization become quite and got readers and it does cover subjects that are on the but it covers subjects on the left also. I mean a pretty a pretty big thing. And he helped build it into a pretty successful news organization. tell you I know him very well. I will say and I will say if I thought that if I thought that he was doing or had any ideas that were different than the ideas that you would I would ask him very politely to leave. But in the I think been treated very unfairly. very interesting a lot of people are coming to his defense right now. We have never experienced a single episode of any of those accusations. been the total opposite. been a great and just not there. And what the is saying is 100 percent true. And by the if you see something or get something where you feel that and you have some info I would love to hear it. You can call can call I would love to hear. The only one who call me is opinion She treats me too rough. I know what happened to She was so opinion For years she was so good. As we all say about not your just your turn. opinion I have a slightly but somewhat I guess. about the future of the Republican Party. You started out here talking about winning in so many states where no Republican has won in especially Rust Belt states. And I think many people think that one of the reasons you won was that you deliberately campaigned as a different kind of Republican. You had different things to say on foreign even your daughter child care plan was sort of distinctive. And now in a situation where governing and staffing up an administration with a Republican Party whose and may differ with me a little on but always see on those views. Although right now loving me. right now they are. right now loves loves amazing how winning can change things. liked Chuck for a long time. raised a lot of money for Chuck and given him a lot of money over the years. I think I was the first person that ever contributed to Chuck I had a a little in a little apartment building in in Bay where I worked with my father. And Chuck came in and I gave I I know if willing to admit but I believe it was his first campaign But Chuck a good guy. I think get along very well. I guess my question how much do you expect to be able to both run an administration and negotiate with a Congress as a different kind of Republican. And do you worry that wake up three years from now and go back to campaigning in the Rust Belt and people will he governed more like than like Trump. I worry about that. I need to do this. I was telling I need to do this. doing this to do a good what I want to and I think that what happened in the Rust they call it the Rust Belt for a reason. If you go through you look back 20 they used to call it the Rust Belt. You pass factory after factory after factory empty and rusting. Rust is the good worse than falling down. I sacrifice that. To me more important is taking care of the people that really have proven to to love as opposed to the political people. And frankly if the political people take care of these not going to win and going to end up with maybe a total different kind of government than what looking at right now. These people are really angry. and angry. I call them the forgotten men and women. And I use that in I say the forgotten people they were totally forgotten. And going to bring jobs back. going to bring jobs big league. spoken to so many companies I plan on moving your not going to be able to move your company and sell us your product. You think going to just sell it across what will be a strong you know at least going to have a border. But just plan on it. And tell I and hear announcements over the next couple of but I believe talked numerous comp in conversations with top people numerous companies that or potentially leaving our country with thousands of jobs. Are you that those companies will keep their factories but the jobs will be replaced by They and make the robots too. a big make the robots too. Right now we make the robots. We make anything. But going I robotics is becoming very big and going to do that. going to have more factories. We lose 70,000 factories. Just do it. going to start making things. I was honored I got a call from Bill great we had a great I got a call from Cook at and I you know one of the things that will be a real achievement for me is when I get Apple to build a big plant in the United or many big plants in the United where instead of going to and going to and going to the places that you go making your product right He understand I think create the incentives for and I think going to do it. going for a very large tax cut for which be happy But going for big tax we have to get rid of regulations are making it impossible. Whether liberal or I mean I could sit down and show you regulations that anybody would agree are ridiculous. gotten to be a And companies they even start they choking. I tell one thing I would giving a big tax cut and giving big regulation and seen all of the small business owners over the United and all of the big business met so many people. They are more excited about the regulation cut than about the tax cut. And I never said because the tax going to be substantial. You know we have companies leaving our country because the taxes are too high. But leaving also because of the regulations. And I would of the and I would not have thought regulation substantial regulation are more important and more enthusiastically than even the big tax cuts. I wanted to ask there was a conference this past weekend in of people who pledged their allegiance to you are really into this I think we answered that one right off the bat. Are you going to condemn Of course I of course I did. He already did. Are you going to do it right I maybe you here. Sure. Would you like me to do it do it here. Of course I condemn. I disavow and condemn. go with that. like to move to and then go back. Because a lot of the investment you are talking a lot of the jobs you are talking about is infrastructure going to be the core of your first few not the but an important factor. going for a lot of between between between health care going to talk repeal and replace. health care is you know people are paying a 100 percent increase and not even getting the deductibles are so you have deductibles So paying all of this money and they even get health care. So very important. So there are a lot of things. But is going to be a part of it. part of I even think a big part of it. going to be a big number but I think I am doing things that are more important than but infrastructure is still a part of and talking about a very infrastructure bill. And not a very Republican thing I even know frankly. It worked for Franklin It work for because unfortunately they spend the money last time on infrastructure. They spent it on a lot of other things. You nobody can find out where that last you from a few years ago where that money went. And going to make sure it is spent on infrastructure and roads and highways. I have a a big one of the biggest. And he orders these incredible the I mention the name but a certain truck company that makes they call them the of trucks. You the most expensive trucks. And he calls me up about two months ago and he going to buy the cheapest trucks I can And I and you and this is the biggest guy he trucks are coming going from New to and all busted up. The highways are in such bad hitting hitting He not buying these trucks going to buy the cheapest stuff and the strongest tires I can the exact expression he cheapest trucks and the strongest hitting so many bad you I tell been doing this how 45 years. He built it over 45 years. I you ever seen it like He roads have never been like an interesting What what curious what and said when you going to launch a infrastructure Are they reluctant to spend Honestly right now Trillion. I was the figure. Because they would be in the wing of the Republican Party that would but not going to be able to do that and balance the see if I get it done. Right now in love with me. Four weeks ago they in love with me. forget if I read The New and you have to put this on the record it can be if you you might not want You say but you do I do read it. Unfortunately. I would have lived about 20 years longer if I quote right there if love to reread it I know. But when you look at the all the I was going to lose the I was going to take the House with and the Senate had no chance. It was going to be the biggest humiliation in the history of politics in this country. And instead I won the and I mean easily you look at those I had states where I won by 30 and 40 points. I won the presidency I helped numerous senators in fact the only senators that get elected were two one up in New who refused to say that she was going to vote for who by the way would love a job in the administration and I thank on the record. This is where different than a politician I know what to I just believe sort of interesting. love to have a job in the I thank She refused to vote for me. And a senator in who frankly he endorsed me then he and he went down like a lead balloon. And then they called me before the race and said they wanted me to endorse him and do a big thing and I thank good You see what happens. I off the I hope you lose. Off the record. He He was up by 10 points you know who talking about. others if you look at he was down five points a few days before the he called for I gave him and I think I was up like over 30 points in I was leading by a massive 28 points. I gave him help and he ended up winning by four points or something. I brought a number of them. brought over the finish line. we brought you that was a good one. We brought him over the line in Winning was big something that I came So right now in very good but I came here thinking be awed and overwhelmed by this but I feel like you are getting very comfortable with it. I feel comfortable. I feel comfortable. I am awed by the as anybody would but I I feel so comfortable and you know it would to a great achievement if I could come back here in a year or two years and say and have a lot of the folks here done a great And I mean just a conservative not talking conservative. I mean done a good job. To follow up on after you met with President he described you to folks as that you seemed overwhelmed by what he told you. So I wonder if you are overwhelmed by the magnitude of the job that about to inherit and if you can tell us anything more about that conversation with the president and the apparently subsequent conversations that had on the phone since then. And then maybe talk a little bit about foreign something we touched on and whether or not you believe in the kind of world order a world order led by in terms of having this country underwrite the security and the free markets of the which have been in place for decades. Sure. I had a great meeting with President I never met him before. I really liked him a lot. The meeting was supposed to be 10 15 minutes because there were a lot of people waiting for both of us. And it ended up being you were there I guess an close. And it was a great chemistry. I think if he said I think he meant that in a bad way. I think he meant that it is a very overwhelming job. But not overwhelmed by it. You can do things and fix I think he meant it that way. He said very nice things after the meeting and I said very nice things about him. I really enjoyed my meeting with him. We have you we come from different sides of the but nevertheless something that I know if like him. I probably thought that maybe I but I I did like him. I really enjoyed him a lot. spoken to him since the meeting. What did you say to Just a basic conversation. I think looking to do absolutely the right thing for the country in terms of transition and I telling we had a that went for an hour and a half that could have gone for three or four hours. It was a great it was just a very good meeting. Sort of like this meeting. He told me what he thought what the biggest problems of the country which I think I should I mind if he reveals them. But I was actually surprised a little bit. But he told me the he told me things that he considered but he did tell me what he thought were the biggest in particular one problem that he thought was a big problem for the which rather have you ask him. But I really found the meeting to be very good. And I hope we can have a good I it mean going to agree on but I hope that we will have a great relationship. I really liked him a lot and a little bit surprised telling you that I really liked him a lot. go foreign sure. Sure. What do you see as role in the Do you believe that the role such a big question. The role that we played for 50 years as kind of the global paying more for things because they were in our ultimate one hears from I is really shrinking that role. I think we should be a nation builder. I think tried that. I happen to think that going into was perhaps I mean you could say maybe we could have settled the civil I think going into was one of the great mistakes in the history of our country. I think getting out of it I think we got out of it then lots of bad things including the formation of We could have gotten out of it differently. I think going in was a terrible mistake. we have to solve that problem because we are going to just keep fighting forever. I have a different view on than everybody else. not everybody but then a lot of people. I had to listen to give me a break. I had to listen to Graham talk you attacking and you and like now attacking attacking attacking. And what are we getting and what are we And I have some very I have some very strong ideas on I think happened is a horrible thing. To look at the and not just talking deaths on our which are but the deaths I mean you look at these where massive and they say two people were injured. thousands of people have died. And I think a shame. And ideally we can get do something with I spoke to as you he called essentially How do you see that Essentially everybody called all of the major and most of them spoken to. Will you have a reset with I use that term after what you previously. I think I would love to be able to get along with and I think like to be able to get along with us. in our mutual interest. And I go in with any preconceived but I will tell I would say when they used to during the Trump loves loves I it be say this in front of thousands of it be nice to actually report what they it be nice if we actually got along with it be nice if we went after which by the aside from being very and have been even allowed to and the people will stand up and give me a massive hand. You know they thought it was bad that I was getting along with or that I believe strongly if we can get along with a positive thing. It is a great thing that we can get along with not only but that we get along with other countries. managing On would you you said you have a very strong idea about what to do with the can you describe that for I can only say We have to end that craziness going on in One of the things that was told to me can I say this off the or is everything on the if you want to I want to I want to violate a If you want to go off the we have agreed you can go off the record. Ladies and we are off the record for this moment. speaks off the Now we can go back on. going to play the cop here. got only two and a half minutes because they have a hard stop at 2. And by the I want to thank you on behalf of all of us Thank you. for this and really I mean that. We are back on the record. you get the last question. Is he a tough Is he I have two very quickly. One is your vice left open the idea of returning to You talked about that on the campaign trail. hoping you can talk about how you view torture at this and also what are you hoping that will do in your administration and will you bring him in I hear the second question. What will role be in your Oh. Maybe nothing. Because I want to have people saying Even though the president of the United States I hope whoever is writing this written fairly the president of the United States is allowed to have whatever conflicts he wants he or she wants. But I want to go by that. a very smart guy. a very good guy. The people that know a quality person and I think he can be very helpful. I would love to be able to be the one that made peace with and the I would love that would be such a great achievement. Because been able to do it. Do you think he can be part of I think be very good at it. I mean he knows it so well. He knows the knows the knows the players. I would love to be and you can put that down in a list of many things that like to be able to do. Now a lot of people tell really great people tell that you do it. had a lot great businesspeople tell you do impossible. I I think you can make peace. I think people are tired now of being killed. At some when do they I think we can do that. I have reason to believe I can do that. And on Where are you and I met with General who is a very respected guy. In I met with a number of other they say the finest there is. He is being seriously considered for secretary of which is I think time time for a general. Look at going on. We we beat we win anymore. At anything. We win on the we win with we certainly win with the military. General is a highly dignified man. I met with him at length and I asked him that question. I what do you think of He said I was surprised he never found it to be He always give me a pack of cigarettes and a couple of beers and I do better with that than I do with And I was very impressed by that answer. I was because known as being like the toughest guy. And when he said not saying it changed my mind. we have people that are chopping off heads and drowning people in steel cages and not allowed to But tell you I was impressed by that answer. It certainly does not not going to make the kind of a difference that maybe a lot of people think. If so important to the I would go for it. I would be guided by that. But General found it to be very less much less important than I thought he would say. I thought he would say you know known as Mad Dog Mad Dog for a reason. I thought say lose He actually give me some cigarettes and some and do with going to go to our Mark for the last question. Very powerful man MARK Thank and a really short but after all the talk about libel and libel are you committed to the First Amendment to the I was hoping he going to say that. I think be happy. I think be happy. somebody said to me on they a great softening up those but you may get sued a lot I I never thought about I I have to start thinking about I think be I think going to be fine. thank you very much for this. Really appreciate this. Thank you very a great honor. I will The Times a great jewel. A world jewel. And I hope we can all get along. looking for the same and I hope we can all get along well.
forges ahead as campaign dismisses campaign officials have dismissed a poll suggesting that Trump may have taken the lead in the final days before insisting they see no negative impact from new email disclosures. A senior campaign official says a new Post tracking poll which put Trump one point ahead is what we see at A new opinion poll released showed holds a lead. is throwing everything got at When a protester started waving a sign saying is a shot am sick and tired of the divisive and dangerous vision and behavior of the people who support Pointing at the she are not going we are going is due to campaign in today in a show of confidence that she could win get get pulls out all the stops in Twitter fierce attack on divisive and dangerous of Trump police shot and killed in police officers have been shot and killed in attacks in prompting a warning of a and present to other officers in and around the city in The police department said the shootings took place early on One officer had been shot and killed as he was seated in his car. About 20 minutes a second officer was found shot in his car about two miles from the first police officers shot dead in in Trump adviser about email key confidant of Trump has provided new details about the of who served as a back channel to give him broad tips in advance about releases of emails to and from key allies of Roger a longtime unofficial adviser to the Republican presidential was briefed in general terms in advance about the sensitive and embarrassing leaked Democratic emails by an libertarian who works in the media on the he told the Guardian in an adviser reveals how ally warned him about leaked view from may be on the verge of electing its first female yet the gender gap looks likely to be greater than in any previous election. the former spokesperson for the League of Women Voters of welcomed the prospect. too bad taken so long. But I hope her being a woman become the main thing about her as she goes forward. That about what able to do. Once we get past this we can try and move on and take care of the problems this country has because we certainly have a lot of view from perfect female presidential candidate Guardian is an independent voice in this means no bias or corporate owner influencing our coverage. But political reporting takes a lot of money and hard work to produce. If everyone who reads our coverage helps to pay for our future will be more secure. Support the Guardian with a monthly or a weather slows special forces are holding their positions in a day after entering the city for the first time since 2014 and taking control of the local state television building. Amid poor visibility for the aircraft and drones that have backed special forces Gen told the Associated Press no new advances were planned for said on its elite troops had breached the eastern suburbs of last major urban stronghold in creating a toehold in the neighborhood after two weeks of special forces hold positions after entering destitution of West the third largest copper in the province has been a source of untold wealth for its but local communities say it has brought poverty and oppression. A recent mission the Catholic Justice and Peace described a taking place in West warning that its indigenous population is at risk of becoming anthropological museum exhibit of a bygone gold mine and the West who say they are counting the beat to set up Cubs beat the again to come within a win of the world championship. Few sentences sound as strange as given the last years of baseball played by National League franchise. the 68 seasons since the last World Series and this own inability to produce sports titles this at few words might be more crush to set up historic World Series new evidence plane was out of control when it is mounting a case for a new search effort for bolstered by new from satellite data that reveals the plane was in a high and increasing rate of descent in its final moments. A new report by the Transport Safety Bureau suggests the plane was in a and increasing rate of and that the right outboard wing flap found on island was not configured for a landing or data suggests plane was out of control as it plummeted into case you missed it girl band is facing criticism for giving a concert in costumes modeled on uniforms. The a of the phenomenally popular donned black costumes that included peaked caps featuring a bird insignia that resembles the eagle emblem of the band sparks anger with US 
on What were you hoping was dressed very nicely and had a lovely did you talk living on the and how the Guardian selects people for blind awkward think it was an table recall any thing about banter was she take herself too and she laughs nearly as loudly as you introduce her to your why her in three do you think she made of said that I looked younger than I am. Besides not not very good at reading you go on was a night and it was late by the time we so did you both like true you could change one thing about the what would it would have been on a out of you meet had a really good time and would definitely be up for meeting on were you hoping A fun night He was dressed very well and looked did you talk and Somerset he went to school in the next town to awkward He wanted to order lamb. I too table thing about His infectious you introduce him to your him in three do you think he made of I was so worried he may think a little you go on He walked me to the we A cheeky Read did you Just a you could change one thing about the what would it another bottle of wine been out of you meet been so and ate at Cinnamon a blind Email For a free go to Guardian 
going for not often we get to use the word on move but is the day. For sits on one. if scratching your head trying to remember geography classes. Because isthmus defines the place. Here narrows to a pinch the isthmus before stretching out as the a or both origins of name. People used to schlep here for the ferry port. The isthmus was a gateway to other lands. But now moved up the coast to the isthmus seems like more of a lending a feeling of isolation to the low hills suspended in the as close in spirit and history to as to the Isles. On the plus side this is a fabulous place to escape to. Nobody would find you on the edge of the edge about to drop off the accompanied only by kittiwakes and hunkered down amid shops like butchers and takeaways preserved from case against Such isolation is not for everyone. taken some hits since the ferry service moved. Regeneration is but be a long road. The glorious waterfront needs work. can feel a tad Far from the thick of it. to hour 25 and hour every couple of a couple a day to hours 35 90 minutes to an hour and 20 to two hours to the a little more to and or says Education and Castle Academy is mostly out The Central Lodge for to buy is a sprawling low town of cottages and terraces. The has a few fragments of old but is mostly The waterfront has nice stretches up to beyond up to for suburbans. On the is a a holiday resort. Plenty of hamlets like Port to get away from it all. Large and town and smaller town of the week A stunning house for with move to a looker Read the the best of all a rural right by the and a friendly town. Try the seafood restaurant which looks straight up Loch My kids are at the great and very Castle is a lovely day five miles in and the and Join the debate Do you live in Do you have a haunt or a pet If email by next move to 
do a session with a colleague said at a conference. we can call him. Prior to I had met him at a handful of other conferences in a handful of other cities. Which is a considering I had not been in the long. But I guess what happens when you work in a relatively small field that draws the same crowd to each of its I was confused by his I pointed already been on a panel together. We have lots of shared research interests. Why you do another panel with mean I agree to be on a panel if you were on he said. mean I actually work on a project with you. I collaborate with harassment is rife in but complaining means risking your career Read he think poorly of my Of my speaking He was a senior I even have a lectureship. I asked My wife thinks a he replied. thinks you flirt with I did not I pulled my lower jaw up to reconnect with its I considered this claim. calm I told myself. There might be a reason this who has never met feels this way. Something he has told her has made her think out to ensnare him. Maybe because I smile a lot. This is often commented along with compliments on my because I am not always appropriate I was 36 weeks for I at a routine that I was six dilated. And there I was just walking around with a baby about to fall out of me. I was and posted it on My poor mom had to call me up and can you take down your public All my friends are calling me up to ask about your because when I like I am very obvious about it. I might even I like seek them out. text them for no important reason. Where I come we call this open and honest. Here in the considered very should we cope with That's the wrong question Read what I thought about my revelation how I laughed. I pointed out how silly it was. When we CC hugged me and I thought all was I became concerned that I had perhaps been too that maybe this was a real issue in his marriage. So I via that evening. No reply. I wrote again the next suggesting he bring his family over the next time they were in town. Still no was taken surprised. we Or The penny it dawned on me that I was hurt not just personally but professionally. This man was a senior academic with funding to events in my field. He had the value of my research and had offered to put me in touch with a prestigious editor. He could help me make progress in academia. But instead presumably because I had smiled and been because I censored my every word in his because I had treated him as friend as much as professional contact he could very seriously hurt my have been surprised. I could list for you a score of things that senior academic men have said to me over the past two years that reeked of entrenched sexism. This sort of you take this we need to you to promise to stay in it to the end. of your husband finds a better job I was being but my university refused to protect me Read well that such a big deal. It was just sexism not like it was looks but the problem is that you had so many the most these comments were made by men who have been supportive of my career. But what they say speaks to a bigger professional women are as less important than men in the sexism is not considered a big being overly maternal stifles think academia is more sexist I once to a male academic colleague in my university. not he responded. the got rape culture. How can you compare that to the minor incidents say in the we had Trump as our incoming but how could he Who would have imagined have major implications. Sexism comes in many forms. And it help that men in as are still the top dogs. We turn to them as as as friends. The last of these categories is the place where we least expect to get hurt. But sad to it is often those men whom we consider our those with whom we are warm and open who hurt us the the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education 
Build a business case with your a digital nomad does not necessarily mean you have to quit your existing job and go it alone. majority of people with a nomad lifestyle I know are contractors or have a regular says Peter founder of Surf a corporate retreat Since technology enables people in certain roles to work anywhere with a reasonable remote working suits people who prefer a bit of stability while on the road. Convincing your boss to let you work remotely can be especially when the prevailing stereotype of a digital nomad is someone working on their laptop in a hammock. there is still a culture of in the so you will need deal with the concerns as well as present the says careers adviser and of Suggesting a trial period for remote working can says policy development manager at the Association for Independent Professionals and the Self Employed. would allow both you and your boss to evaluate whether a good working he says. would also be able to consider what improvements could be made in order to make this a more permanent way of Use technology to stay in touch Tools such as and make it easy to stay in touch with and collaborate from any corner of the world. workers prefer to send an email than walk to the next so whether you are there or in it matter so says a work psychologist and who lives in When working with colleagues having a group video conference or a weekly group is a good way to keep everyone in she how to become a remote worker live chat Read more tools can also help digital nomads find work on the hoof. Freelance such as post jobs and projects that can be done remotely. founder of the and network The Community suggests learning some marketing such as search engine and which could be useful with the sort of work that is relatively easy to do while Although there are myriad ways to stay in touch it is still important to arrange face to face meetings every now and then. connection can be very says Bard. Be prepared for periods of loneliness and who work from home often complain about feeling isolated. Moving around frequently can amplify this. Tapping into the travel community in your chosen location is a good way to combat says founder of Nomadic Working. next to another guy or gal also traveling for or the travel bond is always and no one wants to be lonely. Traveling itself is a great way to meet a freelance journalist who describes herself as asks her friends and family if they know anyone at her new destination she can be introduced to. out always a good few she says. She suggest volunteering as a great way to meet people. always people in the same situation that are looking for founder of the food and travel site Legal and author of The Food suggests basing yourself somewhere where you might find it easy to learn the local language and make friends. Creating a daily joining a going to talks and book clubs can help. a nice way to connect to people in the community where you are presently she says. Once established it is likely you will bump into them again and again. community to me feels a bit like a global village and there are many people spending a lot more time with in different parts of the world than I would with my friends from says founder of Nomad a transatlantic cruise for digital things to do before living and working abroad Read your research Bone up on tax and visa requirements before you move somewhere as the laws vary from country to country. you are only a there be much of an issue. But if you are away from the for more than three years you will no longer be treated as a resident and different obligations will says hopping can be costly and warns people fizzle out after a handful of years of living visa to visa. A lot of it depends on your level of wealth. Having an established home base and every month or two for extended periods of time is but that it is not for everyone While the idea of being able to work on a beach at or in the middle of a buzzing might seem the lifestyle of the digital nomad does not suit everyone. While it can bring great freedom and it can also be especially if you worry when the next is coming in. can be hard a lot of change and life is says Bard. seen many people burn out and go back to the and others take to it like ducks to Successful digital nomads need to be and productive as well as being able to live with the unfamiliar and deal with ambiguity. For the digital nomad lifestyle feels safer. been close to many people whose careers have been taken from them from no real fault of their own. I feel that living this lifestyle has given me the tools to adapt when challenges inevitably come Looking for a Browse Guardian Jobs or sign up to Guardian Careers for the latest job vacancies and career 
has criticized Trump calling them and screaming an the comedian and actor detailed her thoughts on the people who decided to vote for the reality star over Trump at the White reports live Read who voted for him you are she wrote. are not just misinformed. You even attempt information. You say lock her up and you know something about the word email but what was in the You have no clue. Well tell you if you were able to read this far through the holes in your sheet. They said nothing incriminating. who had been vocal about her support for the Democratic went on to compare her background with dedicated her entire life to public service and got our children health care and education without she wrote. pay his workers. Started a fake college. Ripped people off. Never paid his taxes and sexually assaulted women and on and also explains that under proposed along with other would have ended up paying higher taxes but the support was there because they knew would help those in on can't punch him now he's Read was fighting to take care of you kicking and screaming she wrote. about emails you know nothing about and not liking her clothes or her hair she wanted to protect you even you. Well gotten what you asked for and now you can watch the sky open up. Literally. I am second cousin is Chuck who won his fourth Senate term during this election and is now considered the most powerful Democrat in as he leads the minority. The pair worked together to implore lawmakers to introduce tighter gun is the latest star to come out and criticize the result. has also written an essay to explain her frustration. country was founded on immigration and today the only people that feel that their rights are recognized and respected are white she wrote. want to be I want to support our but what can we take away from elections 
If it looks and sounds like a is it really a latest email flap has all the trappings of one. With evasive shady characters and there must be something going on. like weapons of mass we may not know hidden or but it sure looks like the have been hiding this reasoning is enough for most Republican voters and a good chunk of independents. It may be enough to depress support among Democrats just at the moment the party needs to drive a high turnout among not at all clear what the is talking about in terms of emails. Some reports suggest they are neither to nor from in which case we have just consumed a giant After we already know that the has no idea whether the emails amount to anything of any raises the obvious what on earth was the director thinking when he dropped his letter on making it crystal clear that he knew As a law enforcement agencies generally publicize the fact that they are extraordinary intervention in the late stages of a presidential his letter raises more familiar question about the why do they attract with such alarming ease and the foundation to the private email from to from Whitewater to the list is as long as it is utterly spurious. Whatever crumbs of wrongdoing there may they amount to something worthy of or even the myriad scandals since. Questionable behavior is not the same as criminal or even impeachable conduct. Twitter reacts to new investigation into her the say more about the haters than they do about the themselves. But it remains true that there is a remarkable contrast between the clouds that hang over the and those over the has not exactly luxuriated in eight years of politics. The haters have thrown their best at questioning his citizenship and suggesting he secret sympathies for They even accused him of wanting to pull the plug on yet there have been no about his personal his friends and or even open microphone moments. As a candidate he was accused of palling around with cutting a sweetheart deal for his and following the lead of an preacher. Inside the White not so much. The integrity and over the last eight years has almost driven the out of left are the obvious problems posed by a radical from looking to foment a socialist revolution from the Oval Office. Given that he has only two months left in the White needs to speed up his secret plans or else turn into an even greater disappointment to the good news for the is the next administration appears to be just around the corner. House Republicans are already prepping their subpoenas in case they can launch another several dozen investigations into the newly elected President that it much matter whether the emails amount to anything more than political gossip. The Hunting of has only just does matter is the impact on voters in these final frenetic days of the 2016 election. Recent polling suggests that most voters have already made up their minds about whether is honest and they believe her. To be they also think the same about albeit in slightly lower those poll numbers mean that the email is unlikely to change mind about the candidate. In the same highly unlikely that Bill schemes at the Foundation will affect his honesty many this email story comes too late. More than votes have already been cast across the country in early representing around of the likely total votes in this any the polls were already as Republicans inevitably rally to their no matter how catastrophically compromised he is with the voting demographic commonly known as highs were unlikely to hold. In numerous studies have shown that elections tend to end where the polls stand two weeks after the despite all the fluctuations back and forth. That suggests this election will end up as a race in the digits as a margin of victory for course we know what the emails may yet and we certainly know what turnout will look like on election we do know that the closing days of a presidential election are anxious times. Campaign staffers are exhausted and fear failure. The media is desperate for one more fix of one more turn of the story to upend the likely outcome. Supporters on both sides become obsessive consumers of any snippet of information that might tip the this the director just threw a burning match and walked away. But the dumpster fire was already raging in this shocking and the voters who find the whole scene disgusting will likely stay mind the emails. This election was already in elections 
Trump and campaigned head to head in North on holding competing rallies only 30 miles apart in a state where polls show the Republican gaining on the Democrat five days before the presidential has a large and growing population and a growing number of white and which means it has long figured in plan to win states where lost in 2012. On evening she tried to appeal to those voters in alongside her former and the singer trio appeared before a raucous crowd of about 5,200 people at an outdoor where Sanders drew an especially strong response from the largely young who broke into chants of The Democratic nominee largely let her surrogates argue for underscoring the continued popularity among a demographic with which has struggled. Twitter women stand divided over Trump and on eve of is not a personality Sanders implored voters. not voting for high school president. voting for the most powerful leader in the told the crowd that Trump represented an unacceptable and that the of his campaign was are not going back to a bigoted Sanders said. not going to allow Trump or anyone else to divide us remarks returned to familiar themes from his former stump from addressing income inequality to reducing the amount of money in in a bid to persuade supporters to cast their ballots for if they wished to see his agenda Trump held an outdoor rally in the rural town of in front of a crowd estimated at Republican continuing to appeal to white conservative emphasized his push for a more isolationist foreign policy in a state with a heavy military vowed that he would only in use of military forces when it is vital for national security interests of United repeating his calls to avoid interventions abroad and to cooperate with regimes such as that of in will stop trying to build foreign topple regimes and act recklessly to intervene in situations where we have no right to be he backed by a lineup of many who wore camouflage Great hats. who avoided service in the war on student and medical called the veterans much more brave than brave in other ways. I am financially he stops were the second North events in a day for both who are tied in the polls there according to stumped in the state on for and last week marked her first joint campaign appearance with first lady in Trump is scheduled to make two more stops in North before the and running mate Mike Pence is scheduled to appear as well. Twitter sniffs hand to check for told voters that the fabric of US society was at stake in the election. will have a new president. It will either be me or my she question is what kind of change are we going to Are we going to build a better or are we going to fear each other and fear our the disparaging comments Trump has made about disabled and borrowed a quote from the first presidency change who you it reveals who you is atmosphere spurred sources say Read think fair to say that my opponent has already revealed who he she meanwhile accused the Justice Department of interference in investigations into use of a private email server as secretary of adding yet another complaint of wrongdoing in the continuing controversy. The which began a new review of emails last has been riven by leaks and infighting since director sent a letter to Congress notifying them that additional emails that may be pertinent had been found. Democrats and Republicans expressed surprise and confusion at his letter for its and some Democrats accused the bureau of seeking to interfere with the Trump alleged that had in far reaching criminal conduct and equally far reaching criminal cover although conclusion was that she had not committed intentional or criminal wrongdoing. Trump then later stated that she had committed political fallout from letter appears to have helped Trump consolidate Republican voters and narrow the gap with who had long held a steady lead over him. the Republican nominee still trails in crucial swing states like and and faces a difficult electoral map. elections 
One sports a magnificent glossy mullet that look out of place on a golden while the other is as bald as a coot. Other than Martin and comedy character the Pub Landlord are two peas in a of them rail against the iniquities of the both could pull the perfect pint with their eyes and neither is shy about expressing their opinion. time to sort the wheat from the hops. Who said the or the biggest landlord in of the greatest things about having a drink that is all too often overlooked is the sweet solace and calm it can offer the Martin Asked what his most extravagant possession who and even a bit Martin Whose philosophical musings only as good as your next Martin Who displayed their talent for diplomacy by has been too quiet for too long. Just Martin Who reassured an anxious will remain at the current Martin Whose with Warren when he said he wants to retire five years after his Martin Whose mind produced this you try and judge fluctuations in prices all that will happen is go completely mad and need a heavy dose of Martin Who is going to fuck up the country and I really do mean Martin Which ale enthusiast not an I am a freedom fighter against the teetotal Martin Two extremes of haircut but who got a Martin Whose economic analysis is a currency represents a state or the pound proves the is worth more than the whole of put Martin Who described their civic responsibility it comes to something as monumental as the issue of remaining or leaving the I have to step out from behind the pumps Martin Who said of Strictly Come Dancing star former Ed trust him with any not even changing the dates on the Martin Who is the pugnacious publican who ashamed to say I hit him. He went flat on the Martin And who said this about were told it would be from the from the the chancellor and President who were predicting locusts in the fields and tidal waves in the North Martin You your friends Share on Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on Share on Share on Share on Share on Messenger Close Submit drink 
A few years ago I went to my doctor to prepare for a fast I was doing for a magazine there anything you can suggest to help my body adjust to not I asked my doctor. She wrote out a prescription and was expensive. It cost to get it filled but my doctor assured me it would suppress my appetite and get me used to a period of time without only took one pill but it freaked me out so badly I shoved the rest to the back of the medicine cabinet. What was this horrific I believe that my doctor had prescribed it. Lines of speed snorted from the cistern in a nightclub toilet apparently provided a smoother ride than this pill that I could buy their own students share their views on smart drugs Read happened to your asked one friend I met at the two days later. They were still the size of dinner plates. This drug not only made my appetite disappear but it made me energetic and uncharacteristically enthusiastic about it also made me feel terrible. I was under a cloud of neg. I imagine anyone taking these pills for a good time. In they almost guaranteed you would have an awful time. The anxiety was the worst. Everything became suffused with a sort of swampy despite hating I sensed the pills were filled with secret powers for uses they were not intended for. I decided perhaps unwisely not to throw them now I read that I was not alone in this thinking. The Morning Herald has reported that prescription drug use by students before exams is on the a trend first seen in the US. a and adolescent sleep physician at the Institute and told that drugs such as and were being used in classrooms. An increase in the use of the same drugs has been reported in the is used to treat attention deficit disorders while is used to treat sleep disorders such as Their use as study or shows that many students now think of them as drugs for the with the manuscript of a book due in three weeks and my pace and energy I decided to break open my case of stash of pills. While the drug I was prescribed was not or it shares some similar side is what got all my work done This part of writing a book is largely and been putting it off. The task involves a large amount of focus being able to hold lots of information about the project in my head at once and discarding the bits I do not need or are repetitive. Normally I would allocate a couple of weeks to this grim task but this time I am going to try and break the back of it in two a bizarre just after I took the I heard a segment about abuse of prescription medication on the radio. The program interviewed a number of people who just like me are misusing prescription drugs to get a large amount of work done in a short amount of describe feeling a speedy high that helps them concentrate for hours on the task at whether that be a major work project or staying awake at read the wonder what it says about this moment in that we are abusing drugs so we can get more work I did get a lot of work got no I took the I set my alarm for because I knew from previously taking it that it lasts and and unless I took it it really early in the I would not get any sleep. At the end of day I was still working on the project at around midnight and did not feel fatigued. I achieved a lot. I woke around the following full of energy. I sent dozens of including answering tricky emails I had put then decided to buy some outdoor furniture. a big purchase that I had been considering for months. But in on my I decided to finally tick it off my list and bought a outdoor table with cushions and an umbrella. Prescription drug forums are really my doctor tell me much about the drug she had prescribed I it and found a forum. People who are taking the drug as an appetite suppressant were reporting mood weight loss and the urge to clean. Every now and again someone jumped on the thread and issued warnings in caps such AWAY FROM THIS DRUG IT MADE ME A SLEEPLESS AND CRAZY energy is day I was well on my way to doing a worth of work. Plus cleaned the I swept and mopped. Then I went to the gym. The trainer gave me the weights to lift and I could only manage four reps. Before taking the I was lifting much weaker she looking concerned. had much to I admitted. I did not tell her about the pill. I slunk out of the gym. Some things be manipulated muscles need protein for goes up must come the second I called a friend to tell her about all the great things I bought during my day of unbound energy. It was a weird a bicycle tennis a foam two a boxes for an outdoor table a shade an 12 cushions. Thinking of doing a detox Be this is what happens to your body Read bought a she asked. I do not have a I noticed I had purchased two outdoor furniture settings. It was like I was setting up a or something. I called the and the entire I need two lots of outdoor furniture. It was a about my energy was fading. I had been working on the same sentence for an and then a colleague the computer. You need to sleep. Your brain needs respite for a slept for a couple of then headed back to the gym. I was still so I abandoned my day my appetite was back to and I returned to my usual unfocused self. My magic powers had deserted me. But were they really magic or were they the equivalent of taking out a payday get you through what you need to get through today but pay through the with turns out you sleep for four hours in two days without paying a was fast asleep by which meant losing precious hours that I could be working on my manuscript. I vowed not to take the pills 
No election has a global impact to match a US presidential contest. Few White House races have been more bitter than the current one between Trump and So any public official who intervenes in 11 days before needs to be very sure what they are doing. Such interventions come bigger than the director announcement that the bureau is reopening its probe of private emails. The potential impact is huge. Until last was looking on course to hand Trump a decisive beating. It may still happen. But that is now all up in the appears to be that justice must be done and that he would be damned if he made the announcement and damned if he It is certainly true that US politics has become so and so riddled with paranoia that the director faced an unenviable choice. If he had carried out the new investigation behind closed doors and it had only become public after the whatever the one or both sides would be certain to cry foul. Conspiracy theorists would have had a field day. Yet by making it public he makes the investigation itself into a issue in a contest that will shape not just but the world and is precisely why the US Justice with which the has an established framework of rules designed to protect its impartiality from allegations of political bias. The department puts strict limits on disclosures about ongoing investigations and especially on anything that might be seen as influencing an election. A memorandum to this effect has been issued by a succession of US attorneys general every four including in 2016. has broken with this. Former Justice Department officials from both political parties have denounced him for this over the weekend. The current attorney general is believed to have advised against has also compounded the potential abuse of power in two important ways. the investigation is at an embryonic stage. It may go no further. In his announcement he spoke of emails appear to be to the previous investigation he completed concluding then that there was no case to answer in the summer. But the emails come from a separate may not even be from at all and the chief has not read them. His phrasing was extraordinarily vague. has thus launched his missile with minimum facts and maximum innuendo. There are echoes of police blunders over child sex allegations. Even louder are the echoes of fanatics like Judicial Watch. This strikes at the democratic not just should not have deferred to as he did last week. The investigation and prosecution processes should be kept rigorously apart from politics. especially true at election time and even more necessary in such a and acrimonious polity as the US Congress has become. One of the recipients of announced even before the move that he intends to begin oversight hearings into as soon as she is if she is. Incredible though it may seem to the outside world and many impeachment efforts by Republicans against are already a serious possibility. Law enforcement officials have to be completely scrupulous in such a world. has not been. It is a step towards a lawless is in many respects the author of her own problems on the email row. But took exactly the wrong decision. If the emails needed he should have one behind closed carried it out reported it to prosecutors and made an if one was in the fullness of time. This is called due process and it is a bulwark of the rule of not rule by politicians least of all rule by a potential tyrant like has a venomous contest just when Trump was desperate for a just when Republican candidates in other races were craving something to their voters and just when some media were becoming bored with the predictability of the White House contest. His action was at best naive and at worst an abuse of office. It have rather less effect on the election outcome than some suppose. Yet it is no consolation that has also guaranteed if no charges are he will inevitably be accused of rigging the elections 
In some parts of higher contact hours have become synonymous with quality. Students want more of as the annual student academic experience survey highlights year after year. Universities point to them when showing applicants that they offer value for money. And the government is considering including a measure of contact hours in the Teaching Excellence Framework a that actually measured teaching excellence... Read it is not that simple. courses with some of the most satisfied students have the fewest contact hours theology and religious So when measuring how good a course should we look at contact hours at If more is not necessarily how should universities decide the right amount of contact or are massive variations in workload across subjects particularly in the mix of contact time and independent study. This is a concern for some especially those on humanities courses who have only a couple of contact hours a and compare themselves to friends studying medicine or dentistry. But difficult to make value on this basis. Not all contact hours are the same class sizes and teaching vary hugely. Research funded by the Quality Assurance Agency found that students did not want more contact time if it simply meant more large lectures. When asked what would help them select a students wanted to know if they would be taught by trained teaching staff in small settings. Focusing on measuring contact time runs the risk of obsessing about the number of rather than the quality or the importance of activities and work the findings from the Engagement Survey provide further evidence that simply allocating more classes to students might not benefit asked students to their development of academic skills such as writing and critical thinking. It also asked them about the extent to which they engage with different educationally purposeful such as interacting with staff and other how challenging their course how they have spent their time and what they feel they have gained from their experience. dump the pointless metrics and take a hard look at Read study indicated that not just the amount of time spent with tutors that matters also the time spent studying individually. The students who were most successful at developing their academic skills were those who had a balance of contact independent study and engagement with activities. This supports the findings of previous graduate which show that students who take part in more work outside of their course are more employable. Not only are they more likely to get they also tend to get better jobs. found that beneficial activities include participating in sports and doing volunteer work and having caring responsibilities. All of these activities help students to develop key skills and in some surprising ways. Students are more likely to develop their academic skills if they are doing paid work. Having a job can force students to schedule their time and studying when they can and keep them from having too many late nights out. lessons learned from caring can help students develop key critical thinking and and volunteering has a positive impact on civic skills but an even larger one on to judge quality Given the variation in contact hours between clear no one single measure for quality. Institutions should be able to tailor their offering to meet the unique needs of their and not fit into a the Teaching Excellence Framework be Read if student applicants have a right to know about contact surely they also need to know what activities are on offer to undergraduates and how universities support students who choose to take Some of this is explored in the data but more research is is now running a series of pilot projects that will explore different ways of measuring student progress and the types of institutional conditions that help support student success. The projects are still but already they highlight the need for a variety of metrics to be used when judging the quality of different subjects and the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education and 
an idiosyncratic author and political conservative best known for being bullish on gold and silver and gloomy about the died on 12 in He was 85. The cause was complications of his said. a college had a starting out as a stockbroker. For a time he also supported himself as a singer. gig was at a as what he described as the only practicing cantor in He went on to run an Wood business for a while which helped make him a millionaire until it foundered and his franchise was forcing him to declare bankruptcy. Rather than defeating the setback led to an he It inspired him to plunge into research and forge a career as a faddish investment which made him a millionaire for a second time. But that went belly up. people say that I succeed at so I became a prophet of he told Time magazine in 1979. That turned out to be another successful calling. In 1975 he started publishing a newsletter called Ruff which mixed financial counsel inflation and recommending investment in with conservative commentary. It drew more than 175,000 subscribers. He began a syndicated weekly television program called organized forums that for a more or less conventional investment and established companies that distributed natural vitamins and as well as other and ventures. Again he as reflected by a home in with an indoor pool. also said he had a hand in claiming some credit for the collapse of the Soviet Union. He and his White House he persuaded President to sell Stinger missiles to Afghan whose guerrilla war with the Soviet invaders had all but bankrupted by the late Ruff drew his widest attention in 1979 with his book to Prosper During the Coming Bad It recommended survivalist like stocking a supply of and directed readers to other books including Places East of the and Weeds for Fun and The book sold millions of copies and was a New Times best seller for more than a year. Until about his followers reaped large capital gains by investing in precious metals. But by several measures his portfolios later underperformed market indexes and even Treasury and some of his apocalyptic predictions did not come to as inflation subsided and interest rates declined during the and when the economy rebounded after the 2008 financial crisis. was a pioneer in the financial world when brokers encouraged investors to buy stocks and bonds and charged high fixed Mark the editor of Forecasts an investment said in an email on argued that Wall Street was hazardous to your especially investing in bonds that were big losers during the inflationary Ruff became bullish on the bond and stock markets in the early changing the name of his newsletter to Financial Success Report. But it reverted to Ruff Times in the and in 2008 he updated his book on the coming bad warning that whoever won the presidency in 2008 would be doomed by rising oil and gas prices and spiraling monetary inflation to become of the Among his other books were and Survival in and to Prosper in the Age of A Ruff Plan for Hard Times Unlike some of his Ruff maintained a following through an engaging wit and a general willingness to admit mistakes. Urging investors to be he compared the breed to bovine left the I feel the majority of the herd is going to be turned into In recommending readiness for economic he reminded his raining when built the He a conservative lobbying group called Free the and in 2000 he to prevent who had transplanted herself from and from winning a Senate seat from New His political action committee prepared a television commercial that benignly featured babies and puppies playing in Central Park. It asked rhetorically what they had in have all lived in New longer than Ruff was born on in the son of the former a and who killed himself when was 6 months old. grew up he recalled. were too poor to afford a He had wanted to be a singer since the age of at his instead of accepting a scholarship to the Institute of Music in he served a mission in the eastern United States for the Church. He later majored in music education at Young University in with a minor in economics. But by his senior he told The New Times in ran out of money and got out of college before it did me any personal like ending up teaching high school music after joining the Air he toured with its symphony as a baritone soloist and also performed with the Tabernacle Choir. Ruff released an Ruff in 1982 on his own Target featuring songs like Walked Today Where I Were a Rich Every and did it for the shock Ruff said. also did it to change my image. I have always been painted as a cardboard figure of Ruff is survived by his the former 13 of their 14 children of whom were and Timothy Patty and Bond 79 and 48 By fortunes had slipped again. The circulation of Ruff Times had plummeted to according to Personal and he had long sold his estate and moved to smaller quarters. was a millionaire. Twice. He lost it all. his family said in a statement. often said he learned more from his failures than from his But he retained admirers. The journalist and financial analyst Mark wrote on in would be easy to miss the lasting contribution Ruff made to the investment advisory he had brought the mainstream the notion that we need to rely on a Wall Street broker or analyst for advice on what to do with our He gave voice to the millions of investors who felt that the financial system was rigged against
had barely slept in 24 hours when she arrived at her polling station in New to cast her on the crisp autumn day that would eventually determine that she would after break hardest glass final day of her campaign to be the first female president had seen her blitz through four cities in three battleground and culminated in a bespectacled bounding off her plane to her campaign Fight Song by before a couple of hundred supporters who braved the wind chill at the County concedes presidential election to must accept this Read four hours at least 100 assembled at the G Griffin elementary school in adopted hometown of to watch her cast her is the most humbling she told when asked how it felt to vote for I know how much responsibility goes with this and so many people are counting on the outcome of this what it means for our and I will do the very best I can if fortunate enough to win To have a woman on the ballot as the nominee of a major party was a first in history and said she had thought about her mother when she cast her language at the polling station echoed the cautiously optimistic tone that had dominated the final two weeks of her campaign. Shifting from her routine stump the Democratic nominee had begun to look beyond the 8 the first time many reporters had witnessed her allowing herself to do that in 18 months of covering her spoke of a certainty that voters would choose and told voters in New will have some work to do to bring about healing and reconciliation after this The country would need to come said whether standing before several dozen parishioners at a black church in in the crucial swing state of or before thousands of students gathered under the fall foliage at an outdoor park in that other major is fear and anger in our said in anger is not a plan. We have got to start talking to each other the veneer of her carefully chosen had already begun to frame the aftermath of the election as though victory was well within sight. Neither she nor her campaign seemed to foresee that voters would reject a plea to hold on to unity in of and choose fear over they did precisely that on propelling Trump to the highest office in a stunning affirmation of a wholly different definition of and its hopscotched across a small set of critical swing states in those final top aides sauntered to the back cabin of her campaign plane daily to brief the traveling press on the state of the race. An group of 42 reporters huddled in the aisle or climbed on to their seats to record vital details on how the campaign was executing its turnout rooted in a massive ground game they claimed was slowly cultivating a lead too insurmountable for Trump to Trump swept to an surreal presidential election win Read near a barricade separating the press from the crowd at one of final rallies on a senior campaign official predicted wins in New and deeming only North a tossup. Only New and would eventually be official even quietly entertained what a itinerary might look like after telling reporters she would need some downtime before probably flying to on to meet with Timing of announcements for a potential transition team was but the aide was willing to indulge an exhausted press corps and speculate on when they might finally be safe taking a break from a grueling schedule that for some had spanned more than two years trailing lost at that moment was the fact that the conversation was taking place in where held a rally for 4,600 supporters at a basketball gymnasium in Grand campaign remained bullish about its chances in insisting that its decision to make a trip to the and dispatch President there was merely the product of taking no votes for granted. But in it presaged the Trump both there Trump looks likely to have won the state for the Republicans for the first time since 1988 and across the and the attendant cracks in the Democratic firewall. How do I tell my daughter that elected a sexist Read if the major weakness was in the odds pointed to a similar trend in and since and the rest of the where the campaign and most of the pollsters and pundits underestimated the large number of white voters who would flock to the Republican nominee. In its pursuit of more diverse team failed to shore up the base in the rust despite recurring signs that Trump was appealing to white voters. If there was any concern within the campaign in its final it was instead over the untold damage caused by the announcement by the at the end of that his agency was reviewing a new batch of emails that might be pertinent to the previous investigation into her use of a private server while heading the Department of jolt was delivered 11 days before the as was flying between campaign placing another cloud of suspicion over a candidate polling persistently low in trustworthiness. Aides downplayed its significance on the conceding only that the renewed focus on emails distracted from her message with precious time remaining to seal the deal with undecided voters. Twitter How the 2016 US election night frustrated us because it was a diversion from the things wanted to talk campaign said. we seen it impact her on as plane was again airborne between the matter was resolved just as abruptly. In a new letter to reaffirmed the earlier assessment clearing of any criminal after the news campaign spokeswoman could be seen entering private front cabin. She soon emerged before a frantic press corps and offered a short statement a testament to the desire to put the issue to rest. have seen Director latest letter to the Hill. glad to see that he has as we were confident that he that he has confirmed the conclusions that he reached in and glad this matter is told reporters traveling with the campaign to It was clearly a welcome development for the and top aides could be seen smiling in their section of the plane while scouring the news flight touched down for a rally in the candidate left the plane with her former chief of staff at the state who had kept a distance from the trail for much of the campaign amid the email controversy. They descended the stairs outside 737 with the sun setting behind now for progressives after Read confidence going into the polls was a tour force final act that brought together some of the most prominent artists. Music icons Jay Z and ignited a stadium of 10,000 in on an endorsement eagerly touted in the subsequent got to I was with Jay Z and she gushed at nearly each one of her remaining nine rallies. personal favorite part was had her backup singers and dancers in celebrity who joined for her last push seemed to top the previous giving her closing appearances an aura of was wearing a stars and stripes belting out her most famous pop soothed an anxious New crowd with the lyrics the people you love with captivated largest crowd on the eve of the election in and at final Lady Gaga with who even hopped aboard the plane for its last two mood was so jubilant that during her final her family and all of the staff aboard her plane taped a video based on a viral challenge that required participants to pose as mannequins. A camera panned their frozen toward the front before finally fixing its shot on The group swiftly burst into laughter as the words stand Vote flashed before the was almost an promoted primarily on social media as voters had already headed toward the polls. An aide implied the video was filmed almost just for as a way to cap off a night with a historic feel. Twitter and Bill do mannequin had just held her biggest rally of the outside Independence where she was joined in making her closing argument by Bill and and the As tens of thousands descended upon the site where the founding fathers signed the Declaration of Independence and debated the US there was a remarkable poignancy about the prospect of the first black president passing the baton to its first female am betting that tomorrow you will reject fear and choose said. betting that the wisdom and decency and generosity of the people will once again win the day. And that is a bet that I have ever campaign had bet all its odds on the same unshakable belief in what was in the minds and hearts of most At a rally on the penultimate day of her she took the stage in New with the father of the fallen war hero whose rebuke of Trump at the Democratic national convention in ranked among the most stirring moments of the campaign and led to a characteristically intemperate and racially inflected response from while introducing made yet another impassioned appeal against the Republican asking if or would have a place in anyone who like you have a place in your Khan asked. thankfully this your voters in their own country split in two and at rock Read and her supporters would soon learn otherwise. Her platform of social progressive ideas and a vow to restore what she called and proved woefully insufficient. A grassroots intent on upending the political establishment and rejecting the changing demographics of slowly and painfully plucked away the electoral votes that held path to although with of precincts reporting on it seemed she had beaten Trump in the popular to had arrived at the Peninsula hotel in New on expecting voting returns that would cement her place in history. Within an hour of her a team of aides went into her suite to begin work on remarks to be delivered at the convention a building encased by the largest glass ceiling in had donned a dress bearing her campaign an H with a arrow. It was symbolic of one of thematic lines on the dedicated to the of the in which she expressed her desire to build a where a father can tell his you can be anything you want to be. Even president of the United as the returns trickled the campaign soon went dark. The tension was apparent as reporters repeatedly sought updates via email and text but were met with radio the never made it to the stage with her granddaughter. Thousands streamed out of the center in many of them women and had chosen to build a different future. On appeared instead at the New Yorker hotel and addressed female supporters directly in a concession speech in which she called on to accept the US election result. Twitter concession know all the and especially the young who put their faith in this campaign and in she want you to know that nothing has made me prouder than to be your know we have still not shattered that highest and hardest glass but I know someday someone will and hopefully sooner than we might think right she to all of the little girls who are watching never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance and opportunity in the world to pursue and achieve your own The glass was left elections 
The man sitting opposite could be a pugnacious newcomer pitching for a job. He lays out his credentials just in case I know and recounts scenes from his films which I already know off by heart. He claims he performs a magic with cinema which no one else can. They should put him in a his work is that wild. Building to a he want to throw my arm around your shoulder and take you to the realm of complete poetry and I think speaking metaphorically. Then maybe the Inferno review peers into the depths of the volcano Read tempting to cast as the last of the sort of intrepid adventurer who makes movies in the way other men might go prospecting for gold or sail off in search of the Northwest Passage. a view the man himself does little to discourage. Pour him some coffee and pour out his war stories. mention for the umpteenth how he once hauled a steamship over a mountain in Or how he his entire cast Heart of Or how supposedly the only to have shot on all seven continents. be utterly exasperating if he so if his films so and if all his tall tales were not by and large true. Twitter Watch the trailer for Lo and Reveries of the Connected latest Lo and Reveries of the Connected sends to the lawless frontier of the virtual world. He comes cantering through the badlands of robot laboratories and hacker firing questions as he goes. The trip is typically brazenly subjective. Out of the for the director spins an exuberant fantasy of a futuristic that is completely abandoned except for a few monks. On another wandering the campus at he resist providing a review of the corridors here look I would be cautious about assigning qualities like good or bad to the We do it with do the man has an authoritative snap that verges on the comic. as capricious as a medieval king. His precise accent lends every pronouncement an Old Testament thunder. His sentences swing from chuckling amusement to inexplicable fury. I have the sense at his happiest when his thoughts have free rein. He be doing with interruptions or pesky attempts to pin him like a butterfly. premise is partially he tells me at one fundamentally insists he has nothing against the per just that it is currently experiencing a boom cars in and that we need to learn how to use it responsibly. One woman in his film a bereaved mother who experienced horrific abuse regards social media as the embodiment of all evil. with her but see it that way. would be cautious about assigning qualities like good or bad to the We do it with do Twitter Technological frontier a robotics researcher at in Lo and Behold. the movies have taken him up the Amazon river Wrath of across the Antarctic at the End of the and through the woods of just watched his other new the excellent Into the in which he hunkers down at the edge of a belching volcano. Time and his work depicts a natural world which is beautiful and terrible and ultimately uncaring. I wonder if the virtual world is really any different. I have a presence on the fake. Somebody answers. There are voice frowns at the notion. he says. it is not independent of us. When we speak of the horrors of the not the we are talking about humans. And human nature manifests itself in a way we have never seen because anonymous and on a massive scale. But it is not like that is not it at all. It is human beings using the tool of the Twitter Watch a trailer for Into the director turned 74 in He accepts that this makes him a stranger in a strange land. rather speak than pick up a rather walk to the shop as opposed to using But he admits that technology has its uses. is based in LA and so he will often email his who lives in Alternatively he might use for what he refers to as Just the other day he was looking up neolithic in sending pictures to a friend. He break into very interesting yet while may be keen to hold the at the for its part rushes to embrace him. His distinctive persona has inspired a rash of Twitter handles and profiles and a that advises the user to immediately read a book called The of by the Poetic I did not everything I am looking But you did not mean it as an existential question. I absolve he says. have a presence on the one that I have not encouraged. fake. Somebody answers. There are voice impersonators. So I have had to get acquainted with this very quickly. Representation of self is drastically changing. And of course on all selves anyway. But my popularity on the has to do with the fact that all of these fake selves somehow each other and have some unifying sensory organ for He chuckles. I have no problem with all the impostors. It would be silly to complain. I think I have enough to understand going suggest that in his later years he has become a kind of the archetypal director. Most of the people who follow his representatives have probably never actually sat through one of his films. he says. true. People actually see my films more now. I get emails from 12 year olds asking about The Enigma of Twitter Watch a trailer for Enigma of back in The Enigma of is the tale of a young raised in chained isolation before being adopted by bourgeois society. Possibly it even reflects own experience. He spent his childhood in the without a telephone or running water. Alighting in as an he stole his first camera from the local film school. Even he seems to pride himself on a primitive a naked curiosity about the world and its people. as if he believes that each production he shoots is the very first film ever agrees that this mindset is a hangover from his youth. had no experience of cinema until I was 11. I even know cinema existed because I grew up in the mountains of very remote. So I from a very young had the feeling I had to invent cinema. Even today I feel like the inventor of cinema. Now you have to take that with a grain of because of course not the inventor of cinema. But He trails off. The only thing I also wanted to be was a That was over in a second when my friend had a ask what the catalyst what initially made him want to direct. He says he honestly most likely the profession chose him. love what I do. And I have never been able to learn anything else. A decent profession. The only thing I also wanted to be was an athlete. I wanted to be a But that was over in a second when my best friend at the time had a Twitter on set with taken from My Best Fiend. he still ski for he says. I had a very serious accident of my own some years ago. And the injuries I suffered are somehow still For some reason this strikes him as he stop giggling. fall hard on my left for example. I would come apart at the seams. You watch. I would and Reveries of the Connected World review sombre look at the digital revolution Read evidence suggests that exploded already. As well as the two documentaries currently doing the he has an ecological thriller and set for imminent release. His if appears to be speeding up. And reckoning without his vibrant the and avatars which speak their voice to the am an exclaims at one point and his amusement is such that it makes him choke on his coffee. like a student mastering an exotic or a child taking his first steps in a brand new pair of and Reveries of the Connected World is out Into the Inferno is available on 
digital artist Molly latest book project was borne of but not in the way you might the multimedia artist noticed her photos being removed from for violating the community she teamed up with and artist and put out an open call for submissions of photos banned by the network. The resulting the book or it is due out early next year. Their subversive project is interesting for its range of imagery banned images include everything from nipples and pubic hair to a woman wearing a and holding an Despite building a name for herself in the art world largely through networks like and Soda says that she regularly thinks about the fact that those platforms have her career interests in mind when designing their feel like as an necessarily owes me Soda explains. willingly using these social media platforms but the has set itself up in this guided and streamlined way where everyone follows these rules in order to facilitate whatever it is trying to promote. these platforms are huge corporate entities with an entirely different set of interests I think many the reality of what dealing including as the economy is this nascent tension between big platforms like and and the creators that provide them with content comes into focus. Platforms need users to create content which elicits the kind of engagement that is attractive to advertisers. Users need the platforms to reach wide audiences and potential revenue but they want it without fear of censorship. since few brands want to be sandwiched between racism and up to platforms to figure out how to find the sweet spot of policing their networks without prompting frustrated creators to move on to their competitors. Laura is the executive director of the Creators which was formed earlier this year to represent the interests of creators to big companies. She says that one of the primary ways this tension manifests is through opaque user or the lists of rules which outline what content is liable to be removed or In response to criticism around content last month publicly admitted that global standards for our community is and announced that they would be more items that people find or important to the public interest even if they might otherwise violate our In weathered a backlash from many high profile creators when it tweaked its notification process for content that is deemed spawning the explains how the controversy perfectly displayed both sides of the debate. guidelines themselves are very broad and are being enforced by an algorithm without a lot of clear information about what is looking people think it has to do with and but not known exactly how it explains. easy to understand why the guidelines have to be broad. It is platform and they need to make it a safe space for brands which is a huge part of going on notes that compared to other more impenetrable social networks like has been reaching out to creators and nurturing them. Though sources say it would be unlikely for any large to outline their exact criteria for content removal because then be easier to thwart a spokesperson for contacted by the Guardian pointed to an example of a recent announcement every creator who has joined the partner can get answers via email from a real person at within one business to give a voice to sexual abuse survivors Read our policy of videos due to concerns recently improved the notification and appeal process to ensure better communication to our the spokesperson went on to say. are the lifeblood of and totally committed to ensuring their growth and a creator who wants to make a living on the without fear of their business model being pulled out from underneath to says across many creators are the need to diversify their portfolio and not limit their business model to one entirely dependent on a single social be it an share model such as or a more route such as prominent such as have spoken publicly about intentionally tapping other revenue which can include direct brand and other to financially underpin their is a journalist who frequently speaks about these trends and helps brands make sense of them as a consultant. She said much of discontent stems from how much the has changed in a short amount of time. There was a time when the was in a way this underground thing are super resistant to change and there was a time when the was in a way this underground said. a network like has grown into an enormous community and business model. As much as people might think is mainstream media her says that watching the evolution of making a living has influenced her career strategy. In addition to her large has a professional background in and radio production and skills ranging from video editing to hosting live streams and event coverage. In a she serves as a kind of poster child for this diversification kind of glad that this is the wave of content creators that on. been a part of this world for so long as a viewer and you get to see people build these says. has been so helpful as but also using my skills in a lot of other ways the best advice I can give to other content creators is to diversify your revenue streams and get out on as many platforms as you can until you find the right formula for Tech and 
Days before the presidential owner of a local pizza restaurant called Comet Ping noticed an unusual spike in the number of his followers. Within menacing messages like on to began appearing in his feed. In the ensuing hundreds of death threats one read will kill you started arriving via and Twitter. All of them alleged something that made jaw that Comet Ping was the home base of a child abuse ring led by and her campaign John D. When discovered that his employees were getting similar abusive he looked to unravel the accusations. He found dozens of articles about molesting and trafficking children in the back rooms. The articles appeared on and on websites such as The New Nationalist and The Vigilant with one headline How Uncovered the Sick World of Occult None of it was true. While has some prominent Democratic friends in and was a supporter of he has never met does not sell or abuse and is not being investigated by law enforcement for any of these claims. He and his 40 employees had unwittingly become real people caught in the middle of a storm of fake news. this fabricated conspiracy come under constant said who was once in a relationship with a provocative former journalist who became an outspoken advocate for suspects those relationships may have helped to make him a target. done nothing for days but try to clean this up and protect my staff and friends from being he said. Fake news has been at the center of a furious debate for the past few weeks over how it may have influenced voters in the presidential election. President warned last week that we are an age where so much active misinformation and packaged very on social media sites. The criticism has buffeted web companies such as and whose chief Mark has promised to work on technology tools to slow the gusher of false digital information. But experience shows it is not just politicians and companies that are grappling with the fake news fallout. his staff and friends have become a new kind of private citizen for the purveyors of false articles and their believers. For more than two they have struggled to deal with the abusive social media comments and to protect photos of their own which were used in the false articles as evidence that the pizza restaurant was running a pedophilia ring. One person even visited Comet Ping to investigate the allegations for himself. To combat the fake news has contacted the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the local and he has asked and to remove the articles. Yet the misinformation has continued to growing into a theory known as that has traveled to At one staff counted five Twitter posts a minute. As recently as the Twitter message let up. was reposted and liked hundreds of times. like trying to shoot a swarm of bees with one said general whose wife asked him to leave his job because of the threats and vulgar messages they both have received on their social media accounts. an artist born and raised in Comet Ping 10 years ago as a casual spot for clay oven pizza. The restaurant has features like tables and a craft room. Famous natives like members of the band have held small shows there. The which seats is a of red and white checkered tablecloths and modernist murals and paintings from friends of mingles with other chefs and his establishment helped him to be named No. 49 in 50 most powerful people in in 2012. His customers include some such as Tony the brother of John whom knows casually. and who is the founder of Media Matters for a website that tracks press coverage critical of the and works to debunk misinformation in the conservative broke up five years ago. The misinformation campaign began when John email account was hacked and his emails were published by during the presidential campaign. Days before the users on the message board noticed that one of leaked emails contained communications with discussing a for The users immediately speculated about the links between Comet Ping and the Democratic Party. Some posited the restaurant was part of a larger Democratic child trafficking which was a theory long held by some conservative That idea jumped to other social media services such as Twitter and where it gained momentum on the page A new discussion thread called quickly attracted 20,000 subscribers. Glen a former campaign official for did not comment directly about Comet Ping but has spawned several conspiracy theories that have been independently did not respond to requests for comment. dozens of fake news articles on sites such as Planet Free Will and Living Resistance emerged. Readers shared the stories in and on and other foreign language sites. Last one supporter of the theory shot a live video from within the restaurant during a busy dinner shift. Local who had parked across the street after filed a report about the fake news stories and told the man to leave. In a the District of Metropolitan Police Department said it was monitoring the situation and is of general threats being made against this The said it not confirm or deny the existence of Most troubling for and staff has been the use of pilfered from the social media pages and the personal accounts of friends who had Comet Ping Those photos have been used across dozens of websites. who declined to talk publicly for fear of have hired lawyers to get the photos removed. Musicians who have performed at Comet Ping have been pulled too. whose Heavy has performed there several deleted her Twitter account after the abusive comments became overwhelming. Similar comments have flooded her music clips. are at a dangerous place in culture where a good percentage of people distinguishing what is a real news source based on real reporting and and only reinforcing ideas they Ms. said. The frustration has been compounded by the lack of recourse for his friends and employees. Yelp blocked the comments sections of Comet Ping review page after reports of abusive comments and fake news in reviews. said it prohibits harassment and hate speech and has tools for flagging violations and filing complaints for the site to take further but has largely not blocked comments on these videos. Twitter declined to and did not have any further comment. After employees and complained to about how Comet Ping was being targeted on the the discussion thread posted a warning that revealing personal information about individuals was prohibited. know that we have more work to do and we take our responsibility to address abuse said in a statement. Little relief appears in sight. Over the Comet Ping received dozens of calls from people screaming obscenities and threats. got 50 nasty direct including one that place should be burned to the On when picked up his he saw a text from a staff member warning that an individual might protest in front of the restaurant. he said.
After local Democratic parties in six battleground states filed lawsuits against Trump adviser Roger voter fraud monitoring the Republican operative released new rules for volunteer monitors and pledged to a judge that he not target voters based on their an informal Trump also told the Guardian on that he was concerned that the Republican party in would try to manipulate votes to undermine and said that the Stop the Steal fraud prevention project was a had announced the Stop the Steal voter fraud prevention project to the Guardian in late He said the effort was recruiting volunteers to conduct exit polls in nine cities in swing states in order to check for via hacked or compromised voting machines. The cities he listed then Las Fort and had large minority voting populations. Trump loyalists plan own exit poll amid claims of election Read local Democratic parties in six battleground states filed lawsuits against Stop the and Republican alleging broad efforts to intimidate minority new guidelines for the Stop the Steal volunteers nationwide come as another federal judge expressed skepticism that Democrats had any proof that the Trump local Republican Stone and Stop the Steal were to and thereby prevent minority voters in urban neighborhoods from as Democrats had alleged in multiple lawsuits. In US district judge Diamond denied request for a temporary restraining order on voter fraud prevention activities on ruling that Democrats had failed to make credible that rights were in jeopardy. The judge slammed the local Democratic party for inflammatory allegations that appear intended to generate only not supreme court on also denied a request to restore a sweeping temporary restraining order issued by a federal judge in last which had briefly enjoined the Trump and Stop the as well as the from engaging in a variety of voter intimidation behaviors. A panel of sixth circuit judges had quickly stayed the which a leading election law expert had dubbed unconstitutionally Twitter Roger pictured at his office in Fort is an informal adviser to Trump. via a hearing on in Diamond questioned whether news reports about potential voter intimidation were reliable enough evidence for Democrats to be granted a powerful temporary restraining order. Two witnesses for the an pastor and a political both testified that insinuations about voter fraud in had troubled and alarmed sent a chill through the Rev Mark told the describing comments that his supporters should monitor for voter fraud in other communities. Both witnesses said they were afraid of poll watchers bringing assault weapons to the polls. While open carry of firearms is legal across most of without any special in only those with licenses can carry a lawyer for the Republican party compared the lawsuit to the film Minority in which the government has and it arrests citizens based on crimes that have not been feel like in the middle of that along with the Republican attorney Warren said. absolutely no evidence presented by the plaintiffs that the Republican party has attempted to engage in any kind of illegal activity or voter campaign buoyed by high turnout in election's final hours Read Diamond wrote in denying a temporary restraining witness knew of any actual voter intimidation efforts or of any voters who had actually been intimidated. both were concerned that statements or intimidate or voters. This is not proof of the likelihood of judge also criticized the Democratic party for filing a lawsuit so close to election and for attempting to call in the chair of the state Republican party as a witness on the day before the one of his busiest days of the judges in similar lawsuits in and had also shown skepticism about the role of the Trump campaign and local Republican parties in alleged voter Judge Diamond noted in his though the judge has not yet ruled in the case. In a court filing as part of the lawsuit over the Stone promised to email all of his exit polling volunteers across the country on with a new set of including not to talk to voters before they cast their not to photograph anyone at the polls or in line to and not to videotape or audio record the comments of any voters without their permission. He also pledged to reiterate these rules in a conference call with volunteers on night. The new rules have been posted on Stop the idea that these volunteers are how do you intimidate people when only speaking to people after Stone said. have to agree to follow a certain neutral wear campaign they cannot film they cannot wear hats it is a very neutral Volunteers had an extra incentive not to behave in any partisan in order to encourage more people to participate in the he said. Twitter How does the US electoral college an election law expert at the University of said that new guidelines were an important win for despite the lack of victories in the lawsuits themselves. fact that Stone is putting up guidelines at all and disavowing any particular funny business will be helpful for any of followers who might follow his wrote in an email. him on the record like this also makes it more likely he will face some kind of sanction later should he engage in dirty tricks. Even without a court it is a bad thing to lie to the had described the effort as a exit but had said it sounded more like a across the political including who served as attorney general under Republican president W raised concern last week about vigilante poll watchers intimidating voters outside of the polls. The Oath one of the largest militia and the National Socialist which is categorized as a have both made public plans to quietly monitor for fraud at the said Stop the focus was not poll or an effort to provide poll but a pure focus on monitoring for manipulation of voting machines. He said he believed there was a that was a willful conspiracy to rig the machines for W Bush in think both parties engage in he said. Twitter Trump heads to the stage in at a rally held the afternoon before the election. said the goal of organizing volunteers to conduct exit polls in key areas was to check if the official results of any precinct differed from the poll by more than While slightly more than might not be a he said a deviation would suggest to him that the voting machines had been He conceded there might be some margin of error in the exit poll just going to put it up and tell you what our conclusions and you can reach your he said. there will be some or maybe there will be no He also said he was concerned that the volunteers might be with political and that the group was trying to vet focus on working with people they already and not allow who are we think are temperamentally to conduct the exit polls. has occurred to me that if one person at the polling places will scream racial the rest of us get he said. He said that Stop the volunteers included supporters of Stein and Sanders as well as Trump supporters for He called himself only an to the and said that he was not deeply involved in the organization of the particularly because he was not dealing with the different I am a but intimidation is and not going to do anything Stone said. He said that he himself would not be doing any exit polling on election because he planned to be doing commentary for elections 
Even when vacancies are there are three types of who will always have a harder time getting work. Are you fear there is plenty you can do with your to ensure you get an job the wrong person is an expensive so understandably recruiters are wary of applicants who seem to have a habit of changing five most common problems and how to fix them Read the same frequent job hopping has become more and more common. A recent survey showed that of expect to stay in a job less than three years with of this group planning to change their current job before 2020. So how can a job hopper stop employers seeing them as a You need to focus on what you gained from the experiences. The benefit of job hopping is that workers are more accomplished at doing different work and are regularly adding to their skill sets. So it makes sense to write a focused on your skill set and achievements. Use facts and figures to show that you generated value for past employers. For major clients generating an increase of X amount in annual If you can do the recruiter can imagine you creating the same tangible value for out your risk unemployment rate hit record lows in the this summer at a figure not seen since the turn of the Of that around are unemployed who have been unemployed for more than a been out of a job for some it becomes even more difficult to find work. If not quite hit the find something to occupy your time and fill you be it freelance work or been unemployed for longer than six there are ways to make yourself more employable. Alongside try a less conventional approach to contact hiring managers directly by phone or email. also important to your profile and get in touch with people in your professional to avoid the top six most common job interview mistakes Read half of all hires are made from job even though they make up only of all applications. If you can find someone on the inside to push your or if you can make a personal connection with a hiring there is a much greater chance that they will overlook the gaps on your overqualified job it is tempting to assume that being overqualified is a good not always the case. Recruiters may make some confused such as the candidate wants more money or is likely to leave for better offer. Hiring managers need to know that you understand the job on and that requires an explanation. Perhaps choosing less responsibility for a better or you want to go back to what you were doing before a promotion. Whatever the best explained. Your cover letter is the perfect place for this sort of information. A summary can also help you say where you where and how that will benefit your new is holding you you can always upgrade your to make you top of the pile. above tailor your to match the instead of sending generic to many different for a Browse Guardian Jobs or sign up to Guardian Careers for the latest job vacancies and career 
From the the central enigma was J. Trump. How did this celebrity tycoon with no political experience get so Who were the supporting him and When I started my unusual assignment of covering the presidential campaign from the perspective of a foreign correspondent for an news organization one of the first things I did was to invite questions from international readers. The bulk of them revolved around whose unorthodox romp through the Republican primaries propelled him to the nomination and ultimately to the presidency. Going back through my journey across there were many clues to rising although not all were easy to read. I drank with Trump supporters in bars and casinos. I approached them at rodeos. I chatted with them at gun clubs and diners and roaring political rallies. The broad topography of Trump country in many easy to trace. It is a place of anger and gripped by a feverish sentiment. People wanted change and a chance to raise a throbbing finger to the forces they blame for their lot in life. Yet other factors were at in this unruly factors that sometimes made it hard to see talk social media bubbles and a simmering culture war separating thriving coastal areas and the wounded interior of the country. It always clear which elements were powering the as the movement called and which were being buoyed along. One of my first stops was a decimated coal town in West It had a sports which offered beer for on and a biker bar it was patrons sometimes squealed tires inside until the room filled with smoke. Both were filled with Trump little surprise since he had promised to reopen coal mines shuttered by the environmental regulations and cheap natural gas. In I also saw how message about change was overshadowing other issues that many analysts thought would have disqualified him from winning over the social conservatives who have long been a core Republican constituency. In conversations after church on many glossed over the three marriages and boasts of his battle with sexually transmitted disease. like Trump told Stern in It was hard to but perhaps that was the that a mysterious alchemy was at work in this one in which outrageous might offer a route to success. Around that Apple released its seventh iteration of the that glossy black totem of progress. Inscribed on the back of every are the words in Assembled in As if is a separate country. And how many in Trump country saw it that instead of being part of the they were living in a land that sent jobs overseas. One thing that like many and other had long seen as distinguishing the United States was its restless optimism and innate traded on pessimism. His Great embodied a vision that aimed to restore pride in the military and but also scapegoated minorities and At most of the faces in the crowd were white. People flew Confederate flags. They spoke impatiently about prejudice toward was openly a factory owner in told me that children in which has the largest percentage of had stayed home from school in droves on Sept. 11 because they had secretly received advanced warnings of the attacks. The atmosphere at Trump rallies was permissive. If someone said something offensive or there was little fear of being hushed or contradicted. Yet in another confounding a significant minority of Trump supporters were minorities themselves. I met people who defied neat a black woman in her who worked at a record label in a driver in Las a doorman in At a rally in the final week in a Rust Belt state that would prove central to I saw how the candidate connected with crowd. When he it was if he held an invisible tuning fork held to his listening for the smallest murmur of which he would seize upon and amplify. It reminded me of powerful preachers and populist politicians seen during my years based in What was hard to know was how far the electric energy inside this hall was radiating. Maybe these were just the loyalists. polls suggested that Trump was behind in many places critical to Electoral College victory. Political including dismissed the notion that Trump could win mainly by consolidating the support of white voters. like the hunt for the lost tribes of the was how a consultant who had worked for the 2012 Republican Mitt put it early on. you paddle your canoe far enough up the and bang your drum hard they will come to the riverbank. But just not But when I mentioned the polls showing Trump lagging to his they snorted derisively. Everyone they knew was voting Trump children. Some were former Democrats. Others were people who voted for decades. The they were either asking the wrong questions or were being manipulated by the news media the polls themselves were part of the system these people were trying to overthrow. At the I discounted the conspiratorial talk as a product of the echo chamber that became so powerful in this election. But in broad the Trump supporters were right in key their votes were by pollsters. The winning margin in many like was and the failure of Democrats to mobilize turnout was also a major factor. the driver who took me from a Trump rally to the was a case in he was an a registered and he did not intend to vote. of them look any good to he said. benefited also from the antipathy so many people felt toward his This was another theme in the questions that poured in from international Why did so many seem to hate her so The answer had many Fatigue from her decades in public unfinished business from her time in power in the distaste for how she had handled his sexual outrage over her use of a private email server while secretary of state and her taking in huge sums for speeches to Wall Street unfiltered sexism. And simply did not represent change at a moment when a large portion of the electorate hungered for it. In while I was visiting my one of his friends offered an explanation. like getting socks for again he said. bloody socks. Nobody wants a present like in the found the of white voters. They heard his and voted as a bloc like never before. stunning victory echoes jolting changes in and other countries where a new brand of politics is resurgent. The question of whether it stemmed from a specific constellation of or represented a more fundamental may now be answered under the Trump presidency.
Wall Street regulators began an exodus from on as the chairwoman of the Securities and Exchange announced plans to leave the agency. The decision makes Ms. a former federal prosecutor who has served more than two decades in the federal the first major administration appointee to step down after J. upset victory last week. Other financial regulators are expected to follow suit in the coming weeks. The election of Trump is a for the and for that all financial agencies. Ms. White was expected to leave no matter the outcome of the election. But many Democrats had hoped that if she would choose a strong proponent of regulation to succeed Ms. whose policies often reflected a political middle ground. the agency is almost certain to be pushed to the right. Trump has vowed to dismantle the financial regulatory overhaul Congress passed in response to the 2008 financial crisis. And although will more likely be watered down than his appointments will no doubt shift the tone and priorities across financial regulatory agencies. The biggest move on Wall Street could be his choice for Treasury secretary. short list is said to include an investment manager and former partner who was campaign finance and Representative Republican of and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee. is still being in part because of pressure from but is the favorite of Wall Street according to someone with direct knowledge but who was not authorized to speak publicly. A decision is expected within 10 days. Either the Trump Treasury Department might rein in the Financial Stability Oversight a collection of regulators who examine financial risks and designate companies as systemically important. The Treasury secretary is chairman of the council and could effectively according to a policy analyst at Capital Alpha who predicted that the council might essentially become quarterly Trump was elected at a pivotal time for the an agency that had already turned a corner under Ms. White. Unlike L. who inherited a after the financial Ms. White needed not to save the but to modernize a task that the next administration also will face. Ms. which will take effect at the end of the administration in will set off speculation about whom Trump will select to succeed her. Though such talks have barely the field of potential contenders could include S. a Republican commissioner at the agency. S. a former Republican commissioner who has advocated is leading effort to select a new chair for the agency and could be a candidate. a hedge fund manager who supported is also advising the transition team. the head of the got to get back into reffing the game properly and end the of Wall said in an interview last week before his appointment to transition team. As other of President financial regulators step the firewall around his Wall Street legacy will start to crumble. Timothy the chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading is expected to leave by early though he could briefly stay at the agency as a Democratic commissioner. An even bigger change could occur at the banking regulators the Federal the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency which became a thorn in the side of Wall Street under President Martin J. and the leaders of the and will probably leave office next year when their terms or possibly even sooner. the Federal Reserve governor who oversees many of the central regulatory is not expected to serve out his term through early 2022. He could leave early next which would deliver a blow to proponents of Wall Street regulation. With turnover at the Ms. legacy could be in jeopardy as well. She oversaw a record number of enforcement actions and directed a rapid pace of based not only on but on regulations of her own making. Those initiatives were aimed at improving money market fund regulation and the broader asset management industry. think what done so far has been quite and really modernized that core Ms. White said in a recent interview. Yet Ms. White has not completed more than a dozen nor has she formalized a plan to require that financial advisers act in their best interests. Now that these initiatives will fall into the hands of a Republican they may come off the agenda. As it Ms. a political drew criticism from liberal lawmakers who view her as the quintessential moderate. Senator the Democrat who channels the populist outrage over Wall Street even called on President to designate a new leader because the agency had not required companies to disclose political contributions. In her first public remarks on the Ms. White said in an interview that the criticism does come with the think a very constructive recipient of constructive she not like you like people to beat on your whoever they however baseless it Before the Ms. White was the first woman to become United States attorney in one of the most apolitical jobs in government. Earning a reputation as a tenacious prosecutor with an independent Ms. White embraced the joke that her office was the United States attorney for the rather than district of New not motivated by any special said a prosecutor under Ms. White who is now the United States attorney in may disagree from time to in in any it would be unnatural if there disagreement from special interests and adversaries. But hyper smart and makes a decision immune from any political wind or political and I think a good way to Ms. experience she supervised the original investigation into bin Laden raised expectations for her enforcement agenda at the And in its last fiscal the agency brought a record 548 enforcement actions. In conjunction with J. the enforcement Ms. White reversed the longstanding yet unofficial policy of allowing companies to neither admit nor deny wrongdoing. such admissions have been made since. Other occurred under Ms. White and the first action against a major ratings Standard and the first action against a for inserting overly restrictive confidentiality agreements that could stifle Some of the most novel cases came against private equity firms that failed to disclose fees and conflicts of interest. Ms. White is known for keeping a schedule. Colleagues said it was common for her to hold a 9 conference before dispatching night emails and placing a call to senior staff. But she also promoted staff morale by holding coffee and sessions. Every holiday she would give a party for her staff at where she would hand out gifts to each of her children. Ms. a partial season ticket holder whose favorite moment as chairwoman came when throwing out the first pitch at a Nationals said her dream job would be the first female baseball commissioner. really think about what doing next until she you have baseball commissioner to offer then I can tell you what my plans
An extraordinary war of words broke out between Trump and the cast of the hit musical after the Mike was booed by the took to Twitter to demand an apology from the cast after its members called on Pence and the incoming Trump administration to respect the rights of all wonderful future Mike Pence was harassed last night at the by the cast of cameras blazing. This should not Trump J. Trump Theater must always be a safe and special cast of was very rude last night to a very good Mike Pence. governor was booed by after he arrived at the in New on night to see the after the curtain one of the Victor addressed Pence from the with the cast behind him. elect I see you walking but I hope you will hear just a few more moments. nothing to boo ladies and said. all here sharing a story about are the diverse who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect our our our or defend us and uphold our inalienable rights. We truly hope this show has inspired you to uphold our values and work on behalf of all of us. All of demands apology from cast after Mike Pence booed Read of the remaining audience began to cheer softly as pointed towards Pence. thank you for sharing this wonderful told by a diverse group of men and women of different creeds and he the took exception to the intervention. must always be a safe and special Trump tweeted. cast of was very rude last night to a very good Mike Pence. fired back at allegations of harassment. is not harassment sir. And I appreciate for stopping to he tweeted in Victor conversation is not harassment sir. And I appreciate for stopping to to Variety the performance was sporadically disrupted by loud booing at the presence of a strong conservative and evangelical with a voting record that shows opposition to gay at a show that celebrates K Pence getting booed as he gets to his seats at many protesters including one woman who held up a sign with a line from the musical that always gets a we get the job was not clear whether Pence heard the whole address or made any incident brings into focus the conflicts and divisions that nascent presidency has already brought to His midtown home and transition Trump has been turned into a fortified citadel by the police and Secret causing congestion and chaos in the foreign leaders and diplomats are running a gauntlet of protesters to meet with the and finding that they are taking meetings not with Trump and foreign policy but surrounded by family the prime visited Trump in his gilded penthouse last he found himself seated across from whose business last week sent out a marketing email pointing to the bracelet she wore during her interview on the current affairs show 60 is a musical biography of one of the founding fathers of the United who rose to become the man of as well as a key figure in the creation of the US financial system and the coastguard. He was killed in an 1804 duel with the then Burr the character plays in the which has enjoyed a spectacular run on was created by whom it turned into a superstar. He had a long run in the lead part before relinquishing it earlier this year to his is openly gay and He has made a point of speaking out about living with since 2002 and his hopes to diminish the stigma around the 
In spring 2006 four years before outgoing president would enact the Affordable Care Act my ran out of his arrhythmia heart medication and ended up in the with severe chest pain. Trump appears to soften on and emails Read was uninsured. At the insurance companies could still deny you coverage based on a condition in his a chronic heart condition caused by the muscular dystrophy he was diagnosed with at age three. Since he was 20 years old in he was no longer covered under his and his job provide health benefits. So he had no way to refill his medication when he ran out. That led to severe chest which brought him to an in New told the admitting nurses and the attending doctor about his condition. Diagnostic tests showed he had abnormally high liver a symptom of muscular dystrophy. But also a of cocaine use. Despite our the doctor convinced himself that Dick was abusing cocaine. He had to get a second opinion in order to believe what has been lifelong was the first time Dick would encounter a doctor ignorant about his but not his navigating the murky waters of free clinics and hospitals as an uninsured patient. But for the last two the has made it possible for Dick to have broader access to health insurance better doctors. His condition is being managed successfully for the first time since he was a Republican lawmakers have been gunning for the since before it even passed. Mere hours after Trump was declared the US Senate majority announced that the Senate would prioritize repealing the yet act. And under a Trump that could actually Trump said late last week that he would consider keeping the condition provision as part of his own reform his proposal would nonetheless have dire consequences for not just people frightened that their health history would again put affordable out of reach. As pointed out last a blanket ban on discriminating against conditions without the public exchange and subsidy aspect of would suffocate the free market premiums would soar. And that would trigger a rising uninsured rate across the board. If plan is to keep parts of the while axing there will still be a snowball effect that will penalize the people that rely on it. Unraveling the progress made under the would threaten the health and economic wellbeing of a large group of It would mean people with disabilities and chronic conditions in particular be able to properly treat their if at all. It would mean their health would deteriorate which would make it harder to maintain a job their ability to maintain a home. Since insurance is never a an repeal would mean the difference between security and is fortunate to have insurance now. But if he were to lose or if it became we would lose the safety of knowing an appointment away from medication. And that would put him back in that emergency with that untrained doctor who just believe not a 
The Greens senator Peter has referred the salmon farming giant to the Senate for a potential breach of parliamentary privilege after allegations on Four Corners that the company attempted to influence a Senate inquiry referral comes after allegations made during a Four Corners program that wrote to of Dover Bay Mussels to warn him against making disparaging statements at a chief Mark told Four Corners there was a confidentiality deed put in place so was limited to what he could marine heatwave hits seafood industry and puts some species at risk Read if he wanted to front the Senate then as long as he talk about confidential information as part of that deed you know I stop people from doing things in told Four Senate one of only four Liberal will decide whether to refer the matter to the privileges the had spoken out against salmon farming practices which he claimed had driven him out of business in He made a submission to a Senate inquiry into aquaculture which held hearings in one of the large salmon farmers in the denied it was responsible but reportedly signed a deal to buy mussel leases. In the alleged he agreed not to speak publicly about the matter again and not to speak disparagingly about said he had agreed to the deal because he could not afford to walk away from the business with nothing. But when was listed to speak at the his lawyer allegedly received an email from remind your clients of their obligations not to make disparaging statements whether in relation to the Senate or to the media or the email reportedly approves sale of genetically modified salmon Read Corners reported that a day allegedly wrote again to withdraw the deal completely because it may be construed as contravening Senate inquiry has also denied this the Senate president will decide whether the matter should go to the privileges committee for a parliament has strong powers to protect the integrity of its process and especially in relation to the protection of is critical that witnesses can provide evidence to Senate inquiries without constraint. I am concerned by the allegation that may have sought to constrain a witness in what they could or present to a Senate contacted for a statement appeared on the sighted by which said at no time did or request not to make a submission or to not appear before the Federal Senate Standing Committee on Environment and Communications in relation to the regulation of the aquaculture industry in statement and Dover Bay Mussels entered into an agreement for to acquire Dover Bay leases in in prompts investigation of salmon farming Read sale agreement contained a confidentiality clause and a which are standard clauses for agreements of this kind. was represented by Henry and with respect to the sale no time did we ever discourage from attending the Senate inquiry. We note made a written submission to the Senate statement was taken down later on afternoon. has been contacted for comment regarding the referral and the removal of the Parliamentary Privileges Act person shall by force or by the offer or promise of any inducement or or by other improper influence another person in respect of any evidence given or to be given before a House or a or induce another person to refrain from giving any such drink 
It had been that sort of morning. The toaster had set fire to the kitchen and the freezer had spontaneously defrosted. Someone in the headquarters in had got it in for Lurch quickly switched to Breakfast Plan a bowl of porridge. Within 10 seconds the microwave had ruining the granite work surfaces and blowing out the kitchen windows. The chancellor grimaced. He was under the worst yet from his domestic appliances. Enough was enough. It was time to crack down before the government had any plans to to spend extra fighting Read before Lurch found himself back stage at the ExCel in ready to speak to 5,000 delegates at the Future Decoded conference. It was undoubtedly his biggest gig yet. Though not quite as big as it might have been as several hundred people rushed for the exits just before he was due on. The reputation for dullness had clearly preceded though not even he had anticipated he would be too dull for a hall full of computer Lurch had had a tough gig to follow. Trice from had wowed them with his silo data and presentation of the Gas Appliances landscape in 2015. To cap it the man from had just launched a groundbreaking that would allow the engineers to thank people for being loyal customers at the start of their visit. After a launch like that it could only be first person I met when I became chancellor was the chief executive of Lurch began. The program to turn speech into a written text on a large screen behind him immediately went into meltdown. It had no idea how to spell Son and rather than risk sounding racist opted to just leave him out of the script. The also had problems with and ladder so it was also possible that had yet to build a computer program that could stay awake for the and what you need to know Read pressed on. is the he people do more shopping than anyone Half the audience immediately decided that now was as good a time as any to do their weekly food shop. Or buy their tickets back to the US. If this was the most interesting stuff the chancellor had to they were clearly wasting their time. Why they have had a man who afraid to strangle an live on Now what they called small number of foreign actors have attacked Lurch continued as the flashed up images of and on the large screen. we have to stop them doing this. why I have now decided to train five more people to stop criminals from sending out 50,000 spoof emails a day offering people bogus tax refunds as part of the National Security and the mentioned by but Lurch left no one in any doubt that his finger would be pointing directly at them if anyone in the audience had any more untoward experiences with household gadgets. will deter and Lurch said. no mistake we are facing a as would have a a sis. Long before the the transcription service went leaving Lurch with nothing but a blank screen behind him. Whether this was because the had cunningly hacked the ExCel computer system or answer to had decided to cut her losses as there was no one left in the hall who was still was not all yelled a as left the trying to whip us some excitement. Lurch will have heard louder applause at a party conference fringe the sounding increasingly desperate. can you recommend we do for can start by mainlining amphetamines into my politics security and 
When I was a I helped to decommission a piece of legacy lab equipment. Under the layers of at the core of the was a yellowed typewritten sheet bearing a working on important important only that you are It was the sort of scholarly ideal to which as a young the pursuit of knowledge for its own not employed but please that I am an academic Read of the most important discoveries from the concept of buoyancy to the technology behind microwave ovens have been arising from serendipitous research. But if I were to propose now to lock myself in my office for six years to solve a old problem in it might not be deemed the best use of public resources. Three major changes have upset the the rapid expansion of the higher education sector means we have to be far more selective about how we distribute scarce public the scale of those resources has been consistently dropping in real and the philosophy behind public funding has changed research grants have become more commercially minded investments with some expectation of few years all this was causing me problems. I had become as one of the leading experts in a niche area of applied my papers were being published in the top and I was getting invitations to all the glitzy conferences. Yet I was unable to get any funding for my research. I was submitting two or three bids a but the outcome was always the top marks for scientific but working in such a niche area meant phrases like and were inevitable. Given the competition for this was as good as a death failed to meet my revenue targets for three consecutive and was presented with some fairly stark choices by my institution. Then it occurred to me that there was another interpretation to working on I could change my focus to better meet the demands of the and still enjoy my work. Some may suggest betrayed my ideals by leaving behind the easy I had to find some way in which my expertise even remotely intersected with an area of But while the world at large had little interest in the science I was it had a lot of interest in the tools I used. Because I worked in such a specialist the market was too small for anyone to bother the equipment I needed. Over the had to develop my own unique techniques and instruments and these have applications I never anticipated. working with space environmental the and car turning these technologies into people enjoyed considerable and have had no trouble securing funding for my been in the my university has asked me to feature in one of our Research Excellence Framework impact case and my life as an academic has become much may suggest that sold out and betrayed my ideals by leaving behind the science. little actual science in what been within the the tools of the trade have never been considered that important the same way that people watching The Great Bake Off really interested in how muffin tins are lost out on 100 academic jobs. Is it time to give Read my particular field of science was not one the public wanted. And while not necessarily about chasing the latest fads or easy tabloid headlines focus on has also resulted in a lot of work on invisibility cloaks and we do have to ensure our work is somehow meeting the immediate needs of the public. This may not be the way like to do but it is being asked of us by those who pay for our we like it or academia has and we now need to not only deliver good research but good economic value. And I do sometimes sneak in a little science even if I have to call it or integration on a work the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education 
has been warned by the privacy watchdogs over its sharing of information with and asked to pause the transfer of personal gathered Union data protection collectively known as the Article 29 Working said they had serious concerns over recent privacy policy change and the sharing of user phone numbers with its parent company 29 said that it had to communicate all relevant information to the Working Party as soon as possible and urged the company to pause the sharing of data until the appropriate legal protections could be in a letter sent to the messaging spokesperson had constructive including before our and we remain committed to respecting applicable data protection authorities also wrote to Yahoo over its massive data breach that exposed the email credentials of 500 million users in as well as its scanning of incoming emails for specific information provided by US intelligence 29 requested information on all aspects of the data that Yahoo must notify users its and commanded it to cooperate with all national data protection a statement regarding the email scanning for US intelligence agencies Article 29 was invited to provide information on the legal basis and the compatibility with law of any such Working Party will discuss the Yahoo and privacy cases in letters come as nations express concern over changes and mishandling of its hack and the revelations over US intelligence recently ordered to stop collecting user and to delete any that it had already while the United Nations warned that actions raised serious human rights to give phone numbers to for targeted 
Who decides that someone should become a and why is it that many who make that list Billy are Post your answers and new questions below or email them to Please include address and phone and
watched two stories unfold on the news on the surprise acquittal in of seven members of the armed militia that occupied the wildlife refuge and the mass arrest of Native activists protesting the Access oil pipeline. guys are said of the Native protesters in North these cowboys who came in with guns they got the of the tribal council in was a vocal opponent of the occupation of land that includes burial was in shock and and pissed said of his reaction to the verdict. Twitter Reaction after brothers found not guilty in militia was not alone in his dismay at the acquittal of and and five other defendants. The news stunned many across the leaving them to wonder how the government failed to convict members of an armed militia that brazenly occupied federal property and then broadcast it live on social had to pull I was so said S a former US attorney in who is now in private practice. had already decided that the case was over. I thought I heard it thought this would be a slam dunk for the said Tung a professor at Lewis Law School in who watched the case closely. the occupation was winding I assumed would all plead guilty because I see any One of the jurors told the that the government had failed to prove a key part of the conspiracy charge that the defendants had the to keep federal employees from doing their jobs. should be known that all 12 jurors felt that this verdict was a statement regarding the various failures of the prosecution to prove in the count itself and not any form of affirmation of the various actions or Juror 4 wrote in an email to the is always the hardest thing to prove in any criminal said. almost never have direct evidence of intent. As we always struggle with how going to be able to explain intent to the who sat through many of the court said she thought the case was undermined by the fact that the US government had relied heavily on more than a dozen paid informants who were present at the lawyers had repeatedly raised concerns about how those confidential informants may have influenced the actions of the defendants during the really backfired on mother of eight also argued that the government had failed to make a case that her husband and their supporters had any to impede the defense attorney for defendant who was one of the final holdouts at the said that the government might have been more successful if prosecutors had filed charges in state court. a disaster. It emboldens the movement that grew as a result of the Southern Poverty Law noted that police officials essentially allowed the occupation to go on for during which time law enforcement stayed away and failed to order the activists to leave in any formal for noted in court that he was able to leave the refuge and eat at a local food restaurant without facing law enforcement or arrest. The fact that he and others could move freely in and out of the occupation suggests that the government was not forcibly blocked from carrying out its duties at the the defense government was very arrogant in the way they brought this whole said. jurors picked up on analysis was backed up by Juror email to the in which he air of triumphalism that the prosecution brought was not lost on any of nor was it warranted given their burden of also noted that the firearm charges were dependent on the conspiracy meaning once the government failed to prove there was a coordinated effort to block federal it no longer mattered whether the defendants had brought guns to the acquittal has raised concerns that it will encourage other militias to take action against the federal government. editor of the for the Southern Poverty Law who has closely studied the and said the decision could have dangerous a disaster. It emboldens the movement that grew as a result of the Twitter A holds a sign as standoff supporters celebrate the victory on 27 argued that the accusation that the were conspiring to impede government workers may have missed the what they intended to he said. was not about preventing anybody from going to work. It was essentially about altering the law of the land through intimidation and Yin said that he thought the decisions were is actually a favorite tool of prosecutors because usually it is fairly easy to he said. think they made a mistake in charging Rebel how the family sparked a new battle for the west Read Yin the outcome should serve as a warning to prosecutors preparing for the upcoming trial over the 2014 armed standoff with the government over grazing something I would be concerned about if I was the US attorney in he a professor of geography at the University of was outraged by the verdict and by the charges prosecutors had chosen to community suffered horribly as a consequence of the militia Walker said. conspiracy charge captured one small part of what happened in and the community was frustrated by that in first place. to have lost on those narrow charges basically means that there was zero accountability on the occupiers for the suffering that they said the verdict was as native we know what justice is. We never had it before. We hope for the best and expect the and this time we got the militia 
The Welsh explores links between and Wales. The reckons the presenter of Simply are united by a love of fun and As to how family ties between the two regions came many came to Wales during the age of when there was work aplenty. They stayed to open known as and to judge by this first offering in a to pick mushrooms in the autumn. The Professionals it right as the ninth series of the reliable culinary challenge begins. and the are the judges as six ambitious chefs have their skills tested. steak on the followed by the almost impossible task of creating a raspberry tart with white chocolate in just 25 minutes. If they can get through time to serve up their signature dishes. The Secret Life of Channel provided an illuminating insight into the changes among the moment grownups leave the room largely forming the very same cliques that adults might a fresh look at how adapt to independence. Freed from the protective yoke of many conform to particular such as young initially popular with his a test of willpower soon threatens his status. Election Night in it were solely up to white the US electorate would without doubt make the worst decision in the history tonight. Thankfully and despite a late revival of the email remains to win. be all about the key swing states such as and with and presenting live coverage and Vine the exit polls. The Last Interview Channel timely look at the Dead Or Alive after his death aged 57 last month. From acerbic record shop assistant in to the dizzy heights of fame with You Spin Me Round a a stint on Celebrity Big Brother saw him become a staple. followed by a repeat of Celebrity Wedding in which the singer a big day with help from John Modern Life Is Goodish of a viciously contested but deserves praise for having mastered his craft. His fourth series of lectures begins with a look at people so keen to project they suck the joy out of the thing they like. He has a pleasing streak of and is as skilled with a comic callback as he is with his his climactic anecdote about an quiz is sublime. Film accomplished thriller creates a doomed romance in a menacing Lovable Bob is reduced to chauffeuring West End An unlikely relationship blossoms as they search a grubby underworld for her young colleague is a sleazy vice but who lingers in the memory. Live Champion of Champions Day two from the Arena. Cavaliers v Hawks Coverage of the Eastern Conference clash. Sport v England The first day of the eagerly awaited series from Can England repeat their 2012 Sky Sports 
The personal data including the addresses of more than half a million blood donors across has been compromised in a massive security breach at the Red which has been blamed on human Red Cross Blood Service chief executive Park said at a press conference in on that the data had been accessed by an learned that a containing donor which was located on a development was left unsecured by a contracted third party who develops and maintains our Park said. The government can't safeguard data. That means yours isn't either Read issue occurred due to human error. this file was accessed by a person outside of our said access to the file had been shut down and that forensic experts were now helping the with their investigation. The hacked file was a of inquiry forms that are submitted to the Red Cross blood donation file contained 550,000 who completed a web form to access a donation between 2010 and she type of information included in the files include and personal details that come about from completing our short which is a bit like a gateway to see whether people can go ahead to donate blood. wish to stress that this file does not contain the deep personal records of medical history or of their test results. We are notifying donors as early as we believe we and we are notifying donors and web data plan under fire for interfering with privacy Read security experts had told the that the risk of the data being misused was Park said. computer emergency response is also working with the to address the donors have been warned to be on alert for phone and email scams. are extremely she said. are deeply disappointed to have put our donors in this position. We and take full responsibility for this. We and we acknowledge that this is unacceptable. Our apology is unreserved. Donors have an expectation and aright to think that all of their information that they share with us is held accountably and have let them affected have been sent a text message that Blood Service has identified a potential data issue that may affect with a link to the blood website for more information. Each week in 25,000 patients need a donation of blood to save or to improve their and computer 
City City New Wellington Nice Hong Las You your friends Share on Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on Share on Share on Share on Share on Messenger Close Submit
A company founded by a former senior figure at the the governing body of world reportedly received two payments days before failed bid to host the 2017 world championships and while it was also bidding for the 2020 it has said it had receipts from 2011 showing that payments went from Sports Investments an arm of the government to Sports a company founded by Papa a former marketing consultant at the and the son of the now disgraced former to evaporate in after rainy spectacular Read who was banned for life from track and field for corruption this denied acting in such a in 2014 when the Guardian revealed emails which appeared to show he had asked for in payments from in 2011. The Athletics Federation has also denied any wrongdoing by although prosecutors are believed to be bidding processes for all world championships awarded between 2009 and 2022 as part of their investigation into says it has evidence that a bank transfer for was carried out on 13 2011 from to with another put through on 7 four days before the vote to stage the 2017 World Athletics Championships went to years later was finally awarded the rights to host the 2019 championships after sending a letter to members of the pledging in sponsorship and television rights just minutes before the vote. The has insisted the practice of offering incentives complied with its bidding was unreachable for comment. The who is in hiding in is wanted by Interpol on charges of complicity in receiving aggravated and conspiracy in an group to conceal or convert the proceeds of active is a steep fall for a man who was once seen as an important if shadowy fixer in the corridors of power in world sport after he was appointed a global marketing consultant in 2007 and allowed to unilaterally tour the world for opportunities in emerging countries including and the in was this year was banned for life by the independent ethics committee over corruption and allegations linked to it dropped an investigation into allegations that were handed over on the eve of the 2017 saying it found no indication of any bribery nor any evidence to support claims that president Lord had voiced such was also apparently involved in a scheme to deliver to influential members of the International according to leaked emails seen by the who was president of the between 1999 and will return to court in on The who is accused of accepting more than in return for covering up positive drug risks going to jail having not paid his police investigation into both has also suggested huge amounts of cash changing hands in the Hotel in where stayed in a grace and apartment and Papa went on a huge shopping spree in for luxury 
The challenge of fake and misleading news has come to the fore in the wake of the US presidential election. has bore the brunt of the criticism that it allowed misinformation to spread unfettered on its skewing perceptions and possibly the outcome of the election something Mark vehemently did fake news and polarized politics get Trump Read pressure on and the social network has promised to do more to eliminate hoaxes like has blocked fake news sites from its ad network. The latter should strangle websites that deliberately publish misleading content by cutting off their advertising despite these is unlikely to explore the many options available to it because it simply has very little motivation to do experts Mark is being polite about absolutely no way that will start preventing people from sharing what they want to share. the core idea of the said writer and professor Clay who studies social business model relies on people sharing and engaging with content news and gossip regardless of veracity. trade untrue stories that encapsulate things they believe about the world all the he said. is in the business of letting people share stuff they are interested any of that sharing interferes with core user behavior. share stuff because their mom might like it. My mom likes the she likes Trump so be pleased that the pope supports he in reference to a widely shared piece of that falsely claimed the head of the Catholic church endorsed Trump. People feel duped. We love bedtime stories. We want someone telling us our cherished beliefs are academic and make sense for to apply traditional news publishing values such as verification to the network where a the Frog can carry as much currency as a New Times is only motivated to censor content when it makes users which is why it efficiently polices content it deems to contain violence and harassment. But people want to avoid being who are told the pope supports their candidate feel said. love bedtime stories. We want someone telling us which of our cherished beliefs are highlights the absurdity of the task with a thought experiment. for a adding a line to every story about saying no scientific evidence that came back from the acknowledges the dilemma of websites that purposefully create fake news to game the system for clicks and advertising revenue. he places the onus on the source of the story the website creating the content rather than the place it is being is an example of mass millions of amateur publishers sharing content. simply cannot behave like a professional he said. yet if society have a place that polices true it will be a terrible loss for to spot fake tackle the problem who Trust Project thinks it has some of the answers. Launched in the coalition of more than 60 news media outlets the as well as academics and social has tried to restore the trusted role of the press in civic life. The coalition aims to establish clear guidelines and trust metrics that could help both consumers and technology companies through their ranking algorithms by giving more weight to higher quality burgeoning and chaotic news it is difficult to parse truth from wisdom from spin. Legacy digital media sponsored content and social media clamor for our the and Sally said when it have seen a decline in trust in the media over a period of decades and the polarization across what types of media are told the Guardian. very high trust of Fox News among conservatives who say they trust the media in general. Liberals are more likely to trust the particularly and the New she citing the 2015 digital news news is part of the but also news poorly sourced and as well as advertising and propaganda. We are trying to help people identify the Twitter news is part of the but also news poorly sourced and as well as advertising and with news organizations across the US and as well as interviews with the the Trust Project compiled a priority list of possible trust indicators. These include getting news organizations to meet a set of best practices including having an ethics diversity policy and revealing ownership structure and funding indicators include author biographies covering areas of expertise and citations and and labels to indicate whether a piece is opinion or whether a story contains original whether it includes diverse whether a way for members of the public to provide feedback to the newsroom and whether reporters are local to the news indicators should be useful to both members of the public and the algorithms that rank and distribute news including those developed by Twitter and Trust Project has organized a at the end of to see if these indicators can be incorporated into newsroom and easily surfaced on distribution been talking to social media including Twitter and to get them on and all expressed a lot of interest. like to see how we can work together to implement and find ways to apply the would still have to incorporate these new signals into its but it have to make individual editorial per though already doing this in some If we can stop why not fake in it for Investor and writer Om thinks that might be motivated to change to avoid looking is a company that talks about artificial intelligence and the idea that it deal with fake news shows not intelligent at all. super he said. I am running a platform a huge difference between the the New Times and fake sites spreading staff mount secret push to tackle fake reports say Read in his should treat fake news in the same way that email providers treat keep getting in email and yet we are able to stop it. There have to be solutions to information inside platforms like suggests that is commercially motivated to keep fake news on the platform. long as people are engaged and stay on the it works for as demonstrated by a people do care about the spread of false information on Some of people said that should filter out fake news stories and the long the spread of misinformation could erode trust in the entire system. wash their hands and want to said. should we then believe any video stream or any brand that appears on the stern thinks that the fake news fiasco is a temporary though he says he welcomes the pressure being applied by the media trying to encourage it to be more thoughtful about the quality and influence of the content shared on its the problem is much bigger than and is actually about the way that the challenges traditional institutions in this case the media. In this way he reflects some of the challenges faces. an institution lasts a long society layers a whole bunch of rules and regulations on top of that institution. When the institution those rules and regulations he pointing to problems dealing with racism among its hosts. allow individual homeowners to say who can and stay in their home. We require hotels to offer accommodations to people with no regard to race. So what happens when you build a hotel out of individual hotel current structural challenge is misinformation. simply take the rules of the old institution and slap it onto news ones. This requires a deep absorbed the news media and now we want them to behave like editors. impossible to elections 
new Long Halftime contains sights perhaps never so vividly rendered in a movie. When bullet casings fly from a machine each one is clearly visible rather than appearing in a blur. When Billy a soldier on leave from tears up at the national anthem or experiences battle flashbacks during the smoke bombs of a Child the emotions in his eyes register with uncommon clarity. On the other when Martin mugs as the owner of a pro football his face contains a level of detail normally preferred by dermatologists. These are the of working at a high frame the speed at which a film is shot in some projected. The rate has a strong effect on an sharpness. Lee shot at 120 frames per far faster than the standard for about 90 years. Few theaters are presenting it at that so most viewers are out of luck or perhaps better depending on your views on frame rates. For some like Peter who shot at 48 frames per to largely negative reaction and higher frame rates are the future of an opportunity to correct the motion blur that afflicts action sequences shot at the standard rate. Introducing at the New Film Festival last who won a directing for his work with digital cinema on of expressed trepidation about reaction to what he called of an experimental and asked the audience to keep an open mind. He had reason to worry. of The Reporter offered a typical reaction. The he wrote in his had the distancing sharpness of many outsize High frame rates used in video games and on television. And the accustomed to the softer texture of see the extreme sharpness of cinema and feel intuitively that stumbled into a theatrical broadcast or a football game. you start increasing the frame rate of the whether 48 or 60 or it can tend to start looking like a television said a director and special effects expert who has been a pioneer in high frame rates. In the he developed the which ran at 60 frames per second. he there is no need for that can guarantee you that we can make a movie that does not look like The 24 at which most even digitally projected are was always something of an accident. At the dawn of when the rate was going more slowly would have muddied the audio and going faster would have exceeded the sensitivity of existing film said Dean one of the editors of and an inventor of a process from the late that never got beyond a demonstration clip. There were other experiments with frame rates in the celluloid era. The process of the ran at 30 frames per second. used three simultaneous projectors and ran at 26 frames per second. In both the higher rates were needed to accommodate outsize screens that made flicker and blur more visible. J. an academic who studies visual cognition at University of said there is no scientific reason 24 frames per second should be more appealing to viewers. coming into the cinema with is the same audiovisual sensory system we have before we go into the he said. In he the move to a higher frame rate should to more more effortless processing by the visual Acculturation may be the main reason moviegoers find the sharpness interesting that people are sensitive to Smith said. seeing a crispness to the which is unfamiliar in the cinema context. Their main frame of reference seems to be or and kind of implied by that association is or or Is it good to have hard to But the film historian said that high frame rates have only as a solution to a problem that is specific to digital particularly murky digital which grows less murky when frames are added. He noted that at least on a there was never any of the dreaded stammer in the panning shots of Max or Jean who doubt it should see the films not to he wrote by email. For who demonstrated rates for Lee but did not take part in the production of the increased film speed of his process was a natural outgrowth of the move toward bigger screens and bigger spectacles in the and but a faster rate was never taken up as the industry moved toward multiplexes and tiny auditoriums. He was effusive about Lee and his willingness to experiment a brave and courageous he said. But after watching the movie at the New Film he pleased. was really upset when I was at the premiere of that it was in a very he said. He felt that it was projected with too much that it needed dark time between frames. perceive them as but movies are successions of still images and on most each flash is interspersed with moments of has almost no darkness. In the technical found that there was no real advantage in terms of the way that the movie with added dark time. also said that it was crucial to present the film on a screen that filled a wider frame of like to show the benefits of rates and to keep cinematic texture. draw conclusions about high frame rates as a result of being incorrectly he said. would be really has a competing rate which is different from But he said Magi has solved what he sees as the problems of It may also be he for filmmakers to alter their approaches to suit the format. He recalled his own experience working on the visual effects of A Space for which the camera motion was slowed so that the visuals would look smooth on a giant screen. what kind of led to the style of the he said. Like said that it was possible to retain the cinematic texture while gaining the clarity of the higher frame rate. lavishly praised in 1999 by Roger among others looked new and traditional at the same he recalled. But he emphasized that he necessarily regard that texture as the right one. up for the individual artist to
no secret that J. Trump lost badly in on Election Day. But not everywhere. By territory the blue and red sides ended up fairly as voters delivered wins for Trump across the rural Central Valley and northern Trump suggested on Twitter that had he campaigned more in the result would have been different. Given the solidly blue where the vast majority of people that seems unlikely. With the caveat that there are still roughly four million unprocessed ballots that will likely shift the a look at by the numbers. About 33 percent of voters cast their ballots for Trump. compared with a little more than 37 percent for Mitt in 2012. More than 3.5 million backed the according to the early tallies. For 6.6 million. Nearly half of counties 26 out of 58 went for Trump. The largest by population was the county just north of that is home to Trump got more than 119,000 votes to roughly 86,000. The county where Trump did Nearly 73 percent of voters in the sparsely populated northeast county chose the Republican. Where Trump did Fewer than 10 percent voted for him. Trump had small outposts of support even along solidly blue coast. Beach and in Orange for both went mostly according to precinct data at The Times. Mark director of the Field said had been moving left relative to the rest of the country going back several presidential elections. As the final ballots are defeat in is poised to be the most resounding since Franklin D. trounced M. in 1936. think there is anything Trump could have done to change that Senator Boxer introduced a bill to abolish the Electoral College after lost the election despite winning the popular vote. approval of a ballot measure on bilingual education gives children their cultural heritage back. The New who is was elevated to a top position among a signal that bishops might challenge Trump on immigration. New The filed a lawsuit that could slow plans for resuming executions. An analysis of census data showed that is one of the cities with the greatest declines in millennial residents. Twitter has unveiled several new measures to curb abuse and hate speech. New Four truckers in won a settlement in a religious discrimination case. The men had refused to cut their hair for drug tests. Associated If a fruit or vegetable grown in dirt should it still be called New Frank Ocean talks about being making music and regaining control of his career. New A exuberant dance at a Warriors game has become an sensation. Bay Ray turned a hamburger stand in into a fast food empire that changed the way eat. the mastermind became known as the man who saved the Padres. The struggling team had been poised to leave town when swooped in and bought it in 1974. Less is known about his who took control of the fortune after death in 1984 and subsequently gave it away to including a million gift to National Public Radio at her death in 2003. In a new The Man Who Made the Fortune and the Woman Who Gave It All tells the story of one of most influential couples. We caught up with Ms. over email. What did you find most intriguing about What motivated Ms. Why give it all been the lasting impact of her charitable You depict her as a glamorous type. Did she like a
TANGO AND v later on reader. We know this because just got off the phone with our bloody gaucho El and he was even more emotional than usual. And not because it clashes with his tango class but because turn to flirt with the notion of not qualifying for the World Cup. Not only that but the match takes place at a cherished venue for all where former manager Diminished accidentally fielded 10 primary school children and in and so much handed his backside on a plate by as forced to chew on it over and over and over plate and all. we took no part in the public but that stop them loving like they love so it is that head coach and villain takes his side to the city for a match which will be first there since that fine fiasco. And El is worried. The main reason being that look good and and he fears an explosive footballing wedgie from a side who are winning matches with a dash of Jaunty which actually translates as Jaunty Beautiful but written now and Fiver Sub even get past the first par so there it will stay. displays are largely down to the fact that they have stopped scoring goals. And then while being back in the fold after his recent appears to be more focused on stockpiling tattoos than his national current predicament. His latest is a sock that look any worse if it was inked on to a slice of back bacon and stapled on to his 10 things to look out for in World Cup 2018 qualifying Read we digress. have a fine team and wounds to not that coach is viewing the match as just a convenient chance to exercise a bit of cathartic pain transferal. fact that is outside the classification zone is not a motivation for that would be small he think of the that we have to make a great match and that we can win. But not that this creates a bad situation for the that is to think a concept beyond The what with our mind being narrower than a canal facing and in their qualification wobble could become a headlong swallow dive off a cliff unless they pull their finger out. So in comes Ah. opted for and because I believe they will be able to keep up the physical beamed when asked about his decision to leave the City striker to contemplate picking splinters out of his tail. played in this position for two years in the because it is there that he began to play. More than we are thinking of the El is thinking of the rival too. thinking that 200 million giddy could fire a nuclear helping of opprobrium his way in the morning unless start to look like they give a flying one about picking up some souvenirs from in 2018. The currency is so be staying up for this with Tin and El mobile number at hand. ON BIG from for hot coverage of 2-2 OF THE think it needs possibly the style of play at sometimes we might need to flip the page a bit. had other offers but an interesting project had a close eye on for four years since I started loaning players to this club It was a club who developed a lot of players who have gone on to Mason and Tactics never fails to talk up his previous and disappoint in his unveiling as director of football. Which also means this. Twitter fans probably would have preferred the Red Bull the true spirit of jumping on the latest I was wondering what The team may Since he aspired to soar like an eagle I assume he is a Palace fan. van pointing out that energy drink provider being Fiver May I be the first of the 1,057 pedants to point out that Fiver mentioned energy drink which in this context is indeed not How I feel about remembering particular details from The Fiver up to 24 hours after wasting my time reading it is an unrelated no was going to point out but then I had a change of heart the point of going on the if all going to do is be Ed your to make The Fiver great again and move away from the repetitive trend of correspondence that has infiltrated The I wish to announce having put it off for a I decided to cut my nails last The Fiver great Was it If 1,056 thought I was inured to the effect of your daily email. But you did it. You managed to make The Fiver grate again. Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager and out got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters AC and co for the latest thrilling of Football Weekly Extra. And Producer tells us there are a handful of tickets available for the Palladium live show on 15 THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring AND joining Real very happy at especially with Pep he honked. hope to finish my contract then return to has continued his radical England overhaul by naming captain for the says its case for telling to do one over the wearing of poppy armbands is with a and etc and so THE DRAIN THE DRAIN THE keeper says fans should keep a lid on it during friendly with in politics and this is he trilled. is going to try to kick our asses and going to try to kick is out of games against and England with while say bother play and train in a says he only ever gave full hairdryer treatment to players who asked for it. was a lot of myth about he happened about half a dozen times in 27 years. If a player answered me I headed towards them. That was my problem. But I never ruled by have a new badge featuring a bee with four legs doing a wasp impression. clean bee design will help us become more as a buzzed a suit. is not part of the WANT This how much do you know about muted club football has never quite been the same since a momentous reckons Twitter Well worth a read. weeks until the transfer window slams open so not long now before these top Championship talents start feeling flattered about being linked with controversial inclusion and 10 World Cup qualifying things to look out these troubled what could be more soothing than Classic Mill reckons a tough call coming up for West or West or it to did the diminutive Stadium in become a version of the and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social LEWIS TONED DOWN THE 
Striding through the shooting zombies with her bow and felt like a god right up until the moment someone named decided to rub and make her feel like just another when I turned away from he chased me making grabbing and pinching motions near my she wrote in a Medium post of her experience playing a virtual reality game. he even shoved his hand toward my virtual crotch and began Sexual harassment has been a feature of and gaming communities from the earliest days of the Until the abuse has been largely limited to verbal and visual but as virtual reality technology becomes more the line between our real bodies and our digital bodies begins to we doomed to build virtual worlds that are as hostile to women as the real what will we do when virtual abuse feels as real as a physical bodies than two decades chronicled the very real emotional fallout from a that took place in a known as The involved one user hijacking the system to write sentences describing sexual acts involving other avatars. he even shoved his hand toward my virtual crotch and began bodies wrote in the Village Voice. And to the the violation was tears were streaming down her face a fact that should suffice to prove that the emotional content was no mere you highly identify with your avatar and are portraying yourself in an authentic going to feel said an State University professor who researches the social implications of virtual worlds. be different if someone sent you a harassing email to your work email or harassed you in a chat Fox warns that virtual reality opens the door to a new level of violation. different about virtual environments is an extra layer of immersion. If you are being groped in the real world versus a virtual the visual stimuli do not she said. are seeing it. It is appearing to happen to your own body. Those layers of lifelike experience are going to be more traumatizing in that Rift and the uses and abuses of Read Fox virtual reality groping or harassment adds a second level of shock by destroying the sense of immersion in the virtual world. For the virtual groping was comparable to being groped in real life something that had happened to her twice psychological trauma was about she told the Guardian. shock I felt from real life groping versus that first virtual groping was about the same. You wonder what kind of person thinks to do that and are disgusted that it happened to ability of users to harm one another raises all sorts of complex ethical and legal questions. Mark an attorney who has long chronicled issues in video game said that society is not yet at the point where virtual assaults should be considered sexual assault and rape statutes nationwide would require some sort of physical contact. While I admit that can give you to include that within actual assault sort of a slippery he said. the point where people do get actual sensory feedback like a plug in something where actually plugged into your brain where we sort of turn a corner and say that things in virtual reality are much more real than they were he said. line is somewhere out there in the technological Experiments with technology such as a vest that allows a player to feel when their character gets kicked or punched might mean that technological ether is closer than we think. willingness for companies to build into spaces makes it more possible for women to be physically assaulted as well as virtually which is creepy beyond said Fox. Virtual virtual worlds may be vulnerable to the same negative human behaviors that the real world they also include potential solutions that do not exist in real life like virtual shields and super powers. When the developers of and learned about experience of they updated the code to include an expanded that they believe will prevent future gropings. We ask players to suspend disbelief over their own person developers have a responsibility to provide a safe felt irritated and frustrated and helpless on her said imagining and putting myself in that position it lasted with and began thinking about ways to address the psychological impacts of being harassed in unlike other digital asks the player to give a great deal of control over to the game. asking them to suspend disbelief over their own said think if going to ask someone to do the developers have a great deal of responsibility to provide a safe pair came up with the idea of a a physical movement a player can make within the game to activate their personal bubble as if it were a super active something that they can do to reclaim power for themselves with a strong visual component that clearly transacts power back to explained. The pair plan to the code for the gesture and are proposing that other developers consider adapting it to their own games. They have written about their proposal for the power gesture as a universal for on the industry site and the response so far appears to be positive. absolutely love this feature idea it is so innovative and said too now the harasser has disappeared from my 
virtually a year to the day since declared that to the be a luxury it should be a right... going to bring fast broadband to every home and business that wants for many trying to work in broadband such pledges are increasingly hollow. many communities are taking matters into their own and some are hopeful they might be able to secure a solution that would mean they are no longer stuck in the digital dark government has previously claimed that of the country should have access to broadband by the end of but last month successor May highlighted the scale of the challenge when she complained that of people living in rural and so many small get a decent not just in remote locations. Take for example. He is a web developer who is forced to go to and the library to upload his work because his broadband speed is so lives in in just a few hundred from the towers of Canary Wharf. As he central yet thousands of residents are only getting around two megabits per second. The average broadband according to is is due to be updated in the coming and broadband is defined as or more. In urban it is often blocks of flats that are are many other digital black holes around the earlier this year website named the places with the slowest average with the list topped by the village of where the typical figure was just and the lowest speed measured was just live in in West according to the news and information site lies seventh from the bottom out of 650 constituencies for is the case with many places dealing with the everyday challenges of trying to work within an area with speeds supposedly often lower than those at Mount Everest base frustrations run urban it is often blocks of flats that are particularly afflicted because many of these buildings have a dedicated line from the ground floor to the nearest telephone exchange. They are made of and can run long slowing the speed at which information travels. In some communities fed up with waiting for to get to them are turning to the growing numbers of smaller companies and local ventures that offer potential solutions for those in supposedly include a local service provider based in that is owned by the Diocese of and publishing company and uses parish church spires to deliver broadband to remote who was its chief executive until the beginning of this cable is a good technology for high transition speeds in urban but much more expensive per person in less populated regions. You need to use other He reliable broadband is more important than for the majority of people. For those getting by on under would be how are some of these people about live opposite Canary which is almost central yet the area has one of the largest number of lines. This means there are very few cabinets and so more expensive for to upgrade. If lucky enough to live near the exchange you can get or but for thousands of us nearer got a pressure group and have been fighting for a better connection for four or five I became about five years ago I knew it would be an but I how much. I can work from home when emailing or coding but I upload anything. there are some nice and a good library in the area. It feel like an inconvenience so much until you how much time wasting. It affect the quality of my but I definitely have to put in longer hours to make up the got a pressure and been fighting for a better connection for four or five years and tried on around 7,400 homes in the area get broadband faster than and 4,000 hover around The local council made an election promise a few years ago to solve the and last summer the managing director of outlined what he was going to do to improve it in by March 2017. afraid I just believe what saying. none of published plans addresses the issues of those most so the 4,000 figure change much in the foreseeable says a company called which in bringing optic broadband direct to buildings is being very currently have plans to connect single which has a lot so this will only be part of the adds that a fast unlimited supplier covering central tried to extend its service to his area a year but its planning application for a new mast was rejected by now feel at an utter loss. We would love the council to work and Relish to reapply but to date they have not responded to our questions about says that they need the fastest broadband be happy with between and live in the village of two miles outside the busy market town of rural but not with several industrial estates and local small businesses. We only recently moved here before we used the website postcode check on the property. In 2015 it indicated that broadband was in place and upgrade while the Connecting website said it was very and the fact that when we viewed the house the vendor gave us a postcard had delivered saying broadband now in your gave us enough reassurance and we bought the house. Twitter Simple email is torturous for who lives in nothing has happened. The speed in the village is still run a consulting business from and uploading and downloading artwork is and simple email torturous. If I log on to banking to transfer funds it may take three or four attempts. Watching television or services is almost impossible if we want to watch a Sky movie we have to give the 24 notice so it can download I spoke to to get a quote for a connection. The process almost drove me to tears it took me five months and a personal visit to the head office in to finally get contact with a community officer who could look into this for us. after further we were told that to proceed have to pay between to for the village after receipt of this it would take up to a year to get think you have to be a rocket scientist to read between the lines with they want the business. we found a private company based in ITS Technology is offering a cheap solution in a matter of a few months. Thirty up and down unlimited monthly no connection fee... been incredible. like finding the Holy Grail for many of us. The only issue is we need 60 households to sign up to make it work commercially for and of the so taking a while to convince everyone. If it does it will make a real difference to a lot of families and between and run a flower farm in in the Borders. When the broadband is poor really poor our connection is On top of no consistency you think something is loading and gone again. I just want to be able to do things that ordinary people can I put out an email to florists in saying what flowers we have in stock sometimes it takes until for the mailing list to upload. I manage but it takes 10 times as long. I work most evenings until late to catch office updates ... everything is If you do things people think a real But not. I just want to be able to do things that ordinary people can do. We thought be getting an upgrade last year but no. very annoyed about this it got our hopes up. Apparently too far from the exchange for to upgrade are six houses in our hamlet and the same for all of us. Our hope is a small local company called which of technology that is used widely in rural and The way it works is that if you can see the you should get a been great a mast on a hill a few miles and moving it higher up the hill to see if it can work for us. They made us any promises but they are going to try to connect know they have been working on as one of our has been watching them with binoculars. If it does cost to register and then prices start from a month for quietly you getting what you pay remains the only essential utility we buy without knowing exactly what we are paying says a telecoms expert at advice website one pays a flat tariff for a mystery quantity of or an unknown number of kilowatt and yet this is exactly the situation with broadband. Advertised speeds are simply fiction for says and the Advertising Standards Authority are to announce possible changes to the way speeds are advertised later this the new rules took effect on 31 Broadband which include Show all upfront and monthly forcing companies to include line rental in the headline Give greater prominence to the length of the contract and any Give greater prominence to upfront this year the and said customers it difficult to calculate the true cost of a contract when presented with ads where introductory line contract length and costs were presented and some elements given greater found that a hefty of those asked were unable to correctly work out the total cost of a broadband change to more honest pricing is a good but we have a long way to go This article was amended on 29 2016 to make clear that is no longer chief executive of 
